Hi,

  I am confused between buying an Xiomi Mi 4i and aplle 4s.I know Mi 4i is a lot better in specifications, but I don't use the phone much except for calling, internet and camera.I also value the brand name and durability of the phone.4 G is not required.
Confused between one plus one and lenova K80...

if u have any other otion den plz let me know
Please tell me about Yukera micromax phone?
I'm from India. Want to buy a mobile phone under Rs.10,000. Battery back-up and net surfing speed are two things that I am more concerned about. Please give me some suggestions.
How to Hard Reset of Micromax X228
I'm using yu yureka mobile. I forgot my protected app pattern. Please tell me how to reset the pattern.
Sir,

     I want to buy new mobile phone under 15000.Can you tell me which phone is best for video recording in low light conditions?
Am using Lg L90 dual D410 

i tried to flash 

inorder for tht i turned into download mode 

update failed 

now am stuck with download mode screen

rmvd battery n also same

could u suggest a stock rom and its installation
Which is between red mi 2and asus zenfone 5
Hi,


I am looking to buy a keypad mobile phone for my mother (50 yrs old, works in a govt. bank). Please find below my requirements.  


Phone should have good call quality so that my mother shouldn't face difficulty while talking. Calling is the basic & main feature of phone so no compromise on this, plz.... Looking for a keypad mobile (my mother is not comfortable with touch phones). Basic camera (rear), preference is 1.3 mp or 2 mp. Need FM radio, dual sim, descent battery backup. It should last 1 yr smoothly. No WhatsApp and other apps required. My budget is Rs. 1,500 - 2,000. Preferred brands will be Nokia, Samsung, Micromax. Buying a basic keypad phone is huge headache. Plz plz help.


Regards | Siddhu | mbaaspirant.06@gmail.com
Which is best between Micromax Unite 2 and Canvas Spark overall?
Sir 

i am planing to buy HTC Desire 526+g in next week sir advice me. sir my budget is 11,000/- please update 

thanks
Sir I want to buy Asus Zenfone 2 2gb ram version of rs 14999....I want to ask if there is any problem in this phone like heating issue or Signal lost issue....Some peoples are telling that this phone has network issue...Is it true???...I am from moradabad if network issue is something with location
I am planning to buy micromax canvas spark which is sold only in snapdeal .Please tell me some suggestions about it to buy or not
Sir ..I have put my sony xperia tipo dual phone for sale at rupees 5100 will it get selled ..
Hi,

  I am confused between buying an Xiomi Mi 4i and aplle 4s.I know Mi 4i is a lot better in specifications, but I don't use the phone much except for calling, internet and camera.I also value the brand name and durability of the phone.4 G is not required.
Confused between one plus one and lenova K80...

if u have any other otion den plz let me know
Please tell me about Yukera micromax phone?
I'm from India. Want to buy a mobile phone under Rs.10,000. Battery back-up and net surfing speed are two things that I am more concerned about. Please give me some suggestions.
How to Hard Reset of Micromax X228
I'm using yu yureka mobile. I forgot my protected app pattern. Please tell me how to reset the pattern.
Sir,

     I want to buy new mobile phone under 15000.Can you tell me which phone is best for video recording in low light conditions?
Am using Lg L90 dual D410 

i tried to flash 

inorder for tht i turned into download mode 

update failed 

now am stuck with download mode screen

rmvd battery n also same

could u suggest a stock rom and its installation
Which is between red mi 2and asus zenfone 5
Hi,


I am looking to buy a keypad mobile phone for my mother (50 yrs old, works in a govt. bank). Please find below my requirements.  


Phone should have good call quality so that my mother shouldn't face difficulty while talking. Calling is the basic & main feature of phone so no compromise on this, plz.... Looking for a keypad mobile (my mother is not comfortable with touch phones). Basic camera (rear), preference is 1.3 mp or 2 mp. Need FM radio, dual sim, descent battery backup. It should last 1 yr smoothly. No WhatsApp and other apps required. My budget is Rs. 1,500 - 2,000. Preferred brands will be Nokia, Samsung, Micromax. Buying a basic keypad phone is huge headache. Plz plz help.


Regards | Siddhu | mbaaspirant.06@gmail.com
Which is best between Micromax Unite 2 and Canvas Spark overall?
Sir 

i am planing to buy HTC Desire 526+g in next week sir advice me. sir my budget is 11,000/- please update 

thanks
Sir I want to buy Asus Zenfone 2 2gb ram version of rs 14999....I want to ask if there is any problem in this phone like heating issue or Signal lost issue....Some peoples are telling that this phone has network issue...Is it true???...I am from moradabad if network issue is something with location
I am planning to buy micromax canvas spark which is sold only in snapdeal .Please tell me some suggestions about it to buy or not
Sir ..I have put my sony xperia tipo dual phone for sale at rupees 5100 will it get selled ..
I am a student i want to buy a phone under 10000 rs and i cant decide which phone to buy please help.
Need help in buying a phone
I would like you to help me in selecting a cellphone. I need to have a good cellphone. Basically, my main requirement would be :


External Keypad - I previously owned Xperia Mini Pro and I totally feel in love with its keypad. The letter buttons have spaces in between which makes typing a pleasure. But I don't wanna use it now because it is not so 'new' anymore and is a bit slow too as compared to the present day cellphones.


I can afford an expensive phone but I want it to be fast and have an external keypad also with the latest android version.


Thanks a ton for all your help! :)
Hi i am confused between lumia 640 or 540.
My budget is 25,000

Should I buy asus zenfone2 or htc desire 826?
Please help me how to delete my account of 'mobiles4sale' permanently  and also remove all personal information ?
When is mi4i black releasing???...
I'm looking for cellphone under Rs.15000 with great performance, multitasking and good looks. Dual sim would be ice on cake. I'm considering xiaomi mi4i and Huawei honor 4x. Kindly suggest me appropriate Mobile.
I want to buy lenovo p70 4g lte ,and i m confused right now ,i heard there are some major problems in this phone please tell me i have two options lenovo p70  4g or asus zenphone 2

regards 

shiv
I have a budget of 15000 should i go for mi4i or sony mobile . reccomend if any other
I have an Xperia U phone which was bought 2 yrs back for 15000/- how much can I expect the resale value for the same
Hello i have Asus Zenfone2 ZE551ML 2GB ram.I brought this phone yesterday (19/05/2015) from flipkart. The phone is heating too much while charging. The phone is heating at the region around the camera.What is the solution for this? Should I return this and get a new one or is there any way out...??? please HELP me....
Hello sir, I m Aaditya. I want to purchase android phone. My budget is 9000/- I m confused to choose between yureka and Asus zenfone 5 a501 cg. Sir plz suggest me which one will be best for me.
Is micromax yu yureka best choise under10000..??

what are its advantages and disadvantages
1.5 GHz Octa Core Cortex A53 ProcessorMali T760	mediatek mt 6752 vs  1.3 GHz Quad Core Cortex A7 Processor Mali  400 -Mediatek MT 6582 ------which core is best?
Which core is best 1.5 GHz Octa Core Cortex A53 Processor	vs  1.3 GHz Quad Core Cortex A7 Processor
Which is best phone HTC desrie 816g+ or Samsung e5.I m very confused..
Which phone should I buy asus zenfone2 ze551ml or htc desire 826 blue lagoon
What is your openion about xiaomi redmi2 ?
Plz plz suggest me a phone in 7,000-14,000rs.


which don't have instant heating effect with good graphics game 

and has

a good stable 13mp rear + atleast 5mp front camera


2gb ram+ octacore processor 


atleast 5inch screen
Hello sir, I like to know that is YU Yuphoria is a good phone to buy without any performance issues? Also I like to know that is YU is a Chinese company and is Yuphoria is manufactured by Indian mobile company Micromax?
Sir I have buyer canvas2colours that is right Or not
Hello sir.. which i choose micromax knight a350 or karbon octane plus???
Good morning experts i m going to get my new phone but i m confused between micromax spark n micromax knight which is better in everythingh nn i should purchase ????
Hello sir..

I have recently purchased a Zenfone 2 ze551ml 4gb ram version but it's battery is draining very fast.

I want to ask you that should I have keep it or go for galaxy note 3 neo..

Please help..
Which Mobile should i buy Asus Zenfone 2 (ZE550ML) or Asus Zenfone 2 (ZE551ML) with 2gb ram.
Which mobile should i buy

lenovo A7000 or htc desire 816
I. In dilema to buy asus zenfone 2 ze551ml 4gb ram or htc desire 826.my main use camera and watching videos and browse.currently I am using samsung grand..please help me..
Hello sir,,, is the xolo q 700's battery will work on xolo q510s mobile ??
Why my software update option of samsung galaxy s duos is not working, how can i fix it?
Compare best mobiles
Best phone to buy in range of 15k to 18k.
Hello sir....I want to buy a smartphone with 5.5 inch screen,13 MP and 5 MP cameras and good battery life and good performane....My budget is hardly 16000..I would appereciate your recommendation...
Hello sir i want to buy a good budget smartphone so i selected between  micromax yu yureka and Lenovo k3 note

So please help me to find out better one
Are flip cover of xolo A510s fit in xolo q510s?
I have a samsung galaxy 5 gt15503 but unfortuneately it got bricked when i  was trying to update it using odin multi diwnloader.Now it stucks on samsung logo nad i have trued to wipe data several times but still it is not working.What should i do!If any download is needed plz provide d link below!!My phone is not rooted!!


Thanks in advance!
I need a mobile which can handle auto call recording secretly
Which smartphone should I purchase between xolo omega 5.5 and Asus A501cg zenfone 5 16gb
Mera Samsung mobil kho gaya hai  please help kar  do
Which one i buy samsung galaxy or sony xperia z1 model give some suggestion
I want to a buy phone,so I am confused between huawei honor 4x and micromax yureka.which one is gud,especially for camera?
Hello,

I'm Sunny i want to buy a new smartphone under 15000...

can i go for Microsoft Lumai 640 XL??
Which is Best phone in 10000 budget overall
I'm having problem with my earphones. Everytimes i need press mic button for good sound. I have my Micromax XL2(A109) device. which type of earphones i need buy?
Hello !!! I'm planning to buy a new smartphone which should have a good battery life ,front and rear camera and better overall performance . My budget is 23k . Could you pls help me out???
Hi .i want how to unlock the pin pattern. In Sony xperia c3
Samsung galaxy e7 vs s4 vs a5 which is better
Hi i want purchased samsung smart phones which is better e5 or e7
Should i buy the micromax yu yureka? Because feature wise the mobile is very nice and that too at this price point but in f.B negative comments are more about this device related to the heating issue and the very poor after sale service? So should i buy one because more than 70 percent of this device is defective....... I dont wanna waste my money so please suggest me?  Or is there an alternative for this phone?
I want to buy Lenovo a558t but I need to know the band width that it provides Band 2G: GSM 850/900/1800/1900MHz

3G: TD-SCDMA 1850-1920/2010-2025MHz support Indian network or not?
I want to buy HTC Desire 826. please contact as shortly as possible.
Which mobile should i go under 18k excluding moto g..
Which mobiel is better option to buy among asus zenfone 2 ze551ml and htc desire 826
Can i use 3000 mah battery in canvas 2 colour?
I WANT TO BUY SAMSUNG S6 PHONE.....NOW I CONFUSE  WHICH BEST 56 OR S6 EDGE......PLEASE HELP ME
I sell my mobile help me fast sell my mobile
I wnat to choose between Xioammi mi4 and one plus one ..and note 3 which one should i buy ? give me rating .. will get help in buying
After surfing net for a while in my micromax A089, my mobile battery deplets very fast though I stop surfing any more and switch off data connection. Even battery saver apps fail to stop such fast depetion of battery. Each time I have to swithc off the phone and restart to stop battery depetion so fast. How can I overcome this?
Unite2 does'nt open sd card why?
Which mobile is better in between lenovo a7000 and HTC 816g
I want buy a touch panel of byond mi book mi5 faster
contact me  919039901350
I want a phone under 15k with a good camera(good pictures even in low light) and good enough front camera, slim, more than 5 inches, and good on performance(no lags).
Respected Sir,

Kindly suggest me smartphone under Rs 10000 with following features:

OS: Android Kitkat 4.4.2

Processor 1.3 Octacore processor

Memory: 16 GB internal 8 GB RAM and expandable upto 64 GB

Camera 13 Megapixel Rear and 8 Megapixel Front

Wifi,Bluetooth,GPS connectivity with USB slot,FM Radio,Call & Voice Recording,Amloed Touch Screen.Li-Po 3300 mAh battery with maximum talktime.4G compatible.
Hey , 

    I have purchased a selfie stick but unfortunately it is not compatible with Micromax Phones . Can you help me change the Volume key function in Micromax to capture photos .
Sir, i hav a samsung galaxy s duos 2 bought 1 yr back.. bt nowadays i am seeing that after charging the phone upto 100% its working good till 7o or 60 % and as soon as it reaches 60%  the phone switches off diplaying, "the battery charge is critically low". so do i need to chnge the battery or is  it sumthng else ? i hav quick heal antivirus installed on my phone.  please help..
IS ANDROID LOLLIPOP UPDATE IS AVAILABLE FOR LAVA IRIS X5
Please suggest me the Best Dual Sim Active Android Phones with good Camera (8MP and front 2MP min) of any Brand
Is nexus 6 a good phone to buy... Can u suggest any other?
I need a best android phone below 16000 . i downlooad lot of apps so i need more internal memory and fast process
Dear Sir,

I want to buy a phone in Samsung brand within a range of 10-15k a little bit 1-2 k more will do. main features will be extensive use of games , playing of videos & songs, whats app, face book, skype , mails camera....
Sir; i m bit confused with redmi 2, motoe and lumia 525...can u plz tell which will be better
How much price should I keep for my iPhone 3GS 16 GB upgraded to iOS 6.1.3
Htc desire 620g mobile is 4g network or 3g
I want to buy a new Android smartphone under 10k rs. which phone is best? Please tell me...
Sir I want to buy the best one out of Samsung Galaxy core prime and Micromax Canvas juice 2.But I am confused.So please suggest
How would i know that my money for premium will be refunded if phone is not sold out
Which is the best type mobile with besy camera
I cannot type my opt send by sbi  before recharging. 

Whats happens is-

I select the box to write OTP

my keyboard option arrives,but nothing can be written.

Rhis happens while recharging from paytm,freecharge etc whwere ever opt arrives.

But the same problem is not repeated while using same id in other micromax mobile.

I am using micromax canvus 2.2 (A114).

Please help me on this regard

Operating system 4.2.2
I bought a smart phone "Micromax canvas XL 2". When i am going to install apps, games etc the notification come that their is insufficient space but my phone storage has much space. So my question is that how i can change my preffered installation spot to phone storage or to sd card???
Hi...   My swipe konnect 4e touchpad is broken and its spare parts are not available pls help
Heii.. I have HTC one v. Battery getting drained fast (within 2 hrs 100 to 0). I bought a new battery from ebay & changed. Now its not getting charged. when cell is off & plugged in  the amber led will glow but battery condition is same % or 0%. Is the battery problem or board problem?? How can I bring back my old one?
I have BlackBerry Z10 mobile(4.2" screen size). 

Now I want bigger screen size BlackBerry mobile. So can I go for BlackBerry Z30 which has 5" screen size? Please suggest if you think any other BB phones.
Hey I have Lost My all Contacts From Samsung S duos 2.

how can i get back ??
Hi there, 

I'm confused between two mobiles first is Samsung Galaxy S4 and the other is IPhone 5c. Can you help to select the better one from these two. I want a phone with good camera, storage, hd display, and good battery life. If you have any other opinion except these two phones please help me out. My budget is 21000/-
I have purchased canvas a1 now I have formated my phone and the google play services are not updating and also developer options are not there in settings I have warranty till October at to do and also system updates are not checking
I opened my lumia 1320, when I was putting my battery into the phone it got in touch with my screw driver and got spark...Is the battery ok? I can't start my smartphone as because I need to replace the old screen with new one...Do I have to buy a battery again?
Dear Sir,


I want to buy a phone that has at least the following specs, but is very reasonably priced .. Not particular abour big brands but am serious about getting in low price from within India (not those China website phones)

[4g, Full HD, OctaCore, 2GB Ram, DualSim]



Warm Regards,


Indrajit

Bangalore
Which phone should i go  with? micromax canvas selfi,htc desire 820,lumia 730, i am a medium user and i want good stand by time
Which is the best phone in 9-10 thousand range in terms of all software camera and battery etc? should i go for micromax yu yureka or lenovo a6000 or moto e 2nd gen. please help me .
Why does hike not supprt in my nxm5800?
Uhm should i go with  xperia z3 or note  3 ,????   the note 3 is amoled more hd,
I want to know about micromax unite 2 i want to buy this mobile can i buy this mobile is this good phone or not
I want to buy a smartphone with 2 gb ram with good battery backup in the budget under Rs 10000
Sir,

i have nokia n97. Its touch is not working but keypad is working fully and i want to run whatsapp or other app without touch in it. Will you plz help me to solve this problem.
I want to buy a cell phone under 20000 and i m looking for asus zenfone 2 so can u plz help me that is it safe to spend this much amount on asus or i should go for any in samsung.
Is it good to buy an imported samsung galaxy s4 active and htc desire 620g
I want to buy a mobile below 15000....which one will be good to buy?
I am using MS Lumia 535 DS since jan'15....But from today I am seeing that in store at the time of installin any apps, the following msg is showing..


There has been a problem completing your request. Try again later.

This error code may be helpful: 80070020"..


Even I can't update any installed aaps for that reason....Pls help me...what should I do now???
Sir iam buying a new phone and im not able to decide which phone i bought so pls me in this,my budget is 15k to 22k..and my wishlist is that it has gud experience in net surfing and gud camera and apps experience....pls help me..
thank u
Sir

I would like a mobile (micromax brand) of low radiation emitting. I have read in some websites that micromax is not good in terms of radiation. Is there any thing bad of buying micromax mobile of low radiation mobile.
I want to buy a smartphone of cos 11000 .

tell the best phone for in this my buget.
MY BROTHER PURCHASE A SUMSUNG GALAXY S4 MOBILE IN DUBAI MADE IN KORENA BUT IN DELHI NOT NETWORK SHOW HOW CAN SOLVE IT
My budget is 40,000. Suggest me a phone which has a good camera,ram,processer.....and looks.......
I want to buy mobile aroung 20k-25k. Mostly will be used for gaming , photography, multi tasking and should have good battery life.

Min req. in mobile :-

RAM-2GM,ROM-16GB,CAMERA REAR-13MP,FRONT - 5 MP WITH GOOD FLASH.
I want to buy a windows mobile and my budget is 13000 .please sugest a mobile which have good cammera quality and good battery backup
I want to buy a phone & my buget is 18000.pls suggest a phone fast which have long durability,battery life,larger screen,good camera & low maintanance.pls rly fast
What is the difference between imported and normal mobile... I need to know wheater is it's application looks like china phones
Daul core 2 gb is good or octa core 1gb ram
Hi I want to buy phone below 9k having good processor,decent camera,at least 1GB ram.

suggest me from following list

1.asus zenfone 5 7999 rs

2.lenovo a6000

3.yureka

4.redmi 1s
I have a new lava x8 mobile.i have download a video its start downloading but its not completed.i ll try via more browser but i cnt.
I purchased a new phone this January, so I wanted to know should I sell it next year as I am planing a phone with 4g or is it a bad option to sell instead keeping it?
I m in grt prblm......wen I power on my grand 2 download mode occurs watt shld I do now..help me pllz
I am confused between Samsung Alpha and Samsung A5...which should i buy ???? pls suggest
Please Suggest me a good quality Camera phone under 20k
What is the current price of Galaxy S Advance I9070
PLEASA SUGESS ME I WANT BUY PHONE UNDER 12000 LENOVO S850
I want to purchase an mobile and am confused between Iphone6 and htc m8 eye and nexus 6... which one wud b d best?? Please suggest..
Is Lenovo smartphone are good by their performance
In xaiomi note4g how to move aaps phone memory to sd card ?
Iam  confused between lenovo a 6000 or lumia 535 pls help
I want to purchase a mobile ? let i will not decide between 

Yureka, Lenovo a6000 & redmi 4g ? Guide me properly and recommendations.
Hi, My nexus 4 recently stuck in bootloop mode and i flashed to 4.2 jelly bean after that my network is not detected. when checking with phone my IMEI and baseband version is showing unknown. How to resolve this issue, when taken to customer service center I was informed mother board is to be replaced. Kindly help.
How to set message tone for Micromax-A106
I wanted to buy a Moto G2, but 2 samsung phones have made my reconsider my decision. Samsung grand Prime and Samsung S3 Neo (because of price drop) Both these phones are great and I am confused which one to buy ( Though I would prefer s3 Neo or Moto g2) My requirements are Heavy social networking apps/sites calling and SMS. Casual gaming. Can u tell me which one would be better in the long run?? S3 neo is a quite old. I want to use the mobile for 2 years atleast
I want to purchase a new mobile n i want to know which mobile have better feature n currently availble in the market?
I am using micromax unite2 since 7 months without any problem. but now when i open the settings and go the "about phone" it shows unfortunately settings has stopped. what is the solution for this problem
Flashing a newer version of MIUI ROM doesnt need to wipe data, but flashing an older one does.what does these lines means, i am comfused,please help me
Sir want to buy smart phone under 13000 in india. confused b/w asus zenfone. moto g, micromax yureka, htc desire 820, Samsung galaxy neo. suggest..if not these tell best from ur side
I have redmi 1s,since few days my whatsapp data is getting full in every 5 minutes.I have clear data everytime in my whatsapp and its start lagging,please give me some solution.
Which mobile do i buy 'hauwei honor holly' or 'intex aqua i5 octa'
Hello I Want To Know Premium Listing As Am The Seller For Mobile Phones
Can i sell a brand new mobile in mobiles4seale
Is OnePlus mobile (Rs.22000) or Micromax Yureka mobile (Rs.9000) is worth buying
Is asus zenfone 2 ze551ml good

When is the release date 

What is the price
Will you charge if I add my mobile to sell in premium catagory
There are virus in my tertiary tracks in lava iris fuel50. What's mean and work of it. How can I remove this.
If my Microsoft Lumia 535 mobile off due to battery and I put mobile on charge that time my mobile automatically on and second problem previously when I change the network one sim to second sim for using internet the mobile automatically find apn address but at present only sim1 automatically find apn second is not.I have to go to manually option for second sim.
My Galaxy s4's autofocus is not working. .Please kindly help on this matter..

It's takes kind of OK pictures of far but it's get bblur on close pictures. .plus help
Samsung core prime and lg l70

Which mobile is best view of overall
I already made my advertisement as premium advertisement so in how many days my mobile get sale and after what period I can get my advertisement premium charges refund..
I nedd a mobile.specifications: display size 4 or 4.5 inch

android

5mp cam minimum

long battery,

price rs. 13,000 below
Hello sir,I wuld like to buy Panasonic egula s mobile is it good.n can u suggest me octacore processor smartphone till 15000
Can you tell me that lumia 535 dual sim phone supports 720P hd formats videos and any subtitute of MX player in Windows phone
Sir i want to buy a phone my price up to 19000 please tell me which mobile is good sony ya samsung
How to set ringtone in micromax a 74
Sir I have htc desire v and I want to software update this phone...but thereis no update to my phone...my question is that how I update this phone is there any crack system to  update 4.0 to 4.1 ya 4.2 ?
Hi sir.... can you please give me solution about micromax canvas a177 ?.. i just did changes with build.prop. i was seen this about video at youtube... but now my phone not opening. i can't enter the phone. so can you tell me.. whats problem.. and what i do ...???? if you got solution of this problem... reply soon as possible.. thanks........

sorry for band English .. try to understand my problem.. thanks ..
I want to buy Auxus One Octa core phone. What is the quality of it? And what are the experts comments on it? Please suggest me.
Are both sims slots in Xiaomi Red mi note for GSM sims?
In how many days my phone will be sold after the date of posting add
I want to buy a smartphone in 15k..

please suggest which is the perfect one for me.
Hello sir,I have a xolo q600 mobile phone,,I was rooted it once,and I'll try to unroot it.but,the mobile has been unrooted.but,superuser is not yet be removed,,it is totally damaging my phone.how can I remove it..please help me sir.
I would like to buy karbon titanium s7,is it good mobile
I need moto g2 which costs 13k, i got sony xperia j with me now. please guide me to get it with min cost. like what amount i must sell my jlo and if there is any buyback offer, etc.
Hi, my budget is 25k i am planning to buy desire 820, but i heard tat it heats up.. can you suggest me ?
Hi, I have to purchase an android phone which costs around 10000. Please suggest me the best phone around 10000. Thank you
I would like to buy a new phone.. it should be in android platform.. i also prefer it to have 8mp camera..  and the price must not exceed 6000 rs(indian money)
Hi,

I want to buy a mobile (not a smartphone) that can give beep sound, when we have a missed call. The beeb alert will continue in an interval until we attend the missed call.


Anybody know a mobile with this feature ?
Hlo i m vivek. i want to know the internal memory of unite 2 becoz i m game lover and can we install or move apps to memory card in unite2
Hi i m ankit. i want to buy a phone titanium s 20 or micromax one. i m game lover and please give me a detail about internal memory. thank u
Which has a better Processor & a betterb rear camera

HTC 820 it lenovo vibe x2
I ma confused to which phone to buy?

Kindly suggest an option out of Spice Mi-520n, Huwaai Honor Holly and Micromax Unite 2.

Please reply sharp
I have a samsung star 2 duos its vibration is not worrking im wondering if the vibration motor is dead please help can you tell me the price of the vibrating motor in rupees

ps im from india
Htc desire 816 or Samsung grand2 which is best
Hi sir, i want to buy  good windos phone with large screen,and dual sim.in my budget of 10 to 15 thousnd.plz gv me good suggestion
I want to buy htc desire 816g but i saw some reviews that makes me confuse.Please tell me is there any problem in this phone with touch screen as i read that touchscreen of this product is not good or smooth and tell me if any problem in this device..is there any problem in camera..please give your suggesions
Xperia l have some problem with display ...how much we will get for it.
I am now using HTC DESIRE 816 ..Its hardly 4 months old...

Now the Sony Xperia Z Ultra is Available for just 19600 RS.

So i am thinking to buy it...

I want to use it for 6 YEARS !! 

Should I buy It ?? Please Reply .. And Thanks In Advance.
My phone spice qt44 software has got corrupted, how to flash using flash tool ?
I add premium advt still they dint recd any call to sell mobiles
I want to buy a smartphone within the range of 18k, please suggest me a good phone, i thought of moto g2 but it takes long to fully charge and camera quality not good, canvas knight also drains the battery faster, zenfone has d same problem, thought of lumia 730 but is windows that good ?? so please help me, i am very much confused !!
Micromax Canvas Xpress (A99)
Mera phone asus4 kho gya he kese pata chalega
Kindly deactivate and delete my user profile. Not needed anymore
What rate should i expect regarding selling of lumia 525
Is asus zenfone 4 a450cg having better battery back up

Than micromax unite 2 a106
I have to buy htc but there is the confusion in htc 816g,or recently launch 820,820q plz halp me to which one is the beat to buy
Hi, I am looking mobile around 10k to 12k but i want good camera quality and clear picture take,  after searching net i got two mobiles Sony Xperia E3(5MP) Dual And Lenovo S580(8MP).Please tell me which one best Another big confusion  is In Sony Xperia 4GB Internal memory can I move aap into SD Card.


Thanks & Regards

Sam
I think to buy lava iris win1 

should I buy this phone?
I am think to buy desire 816g.can i am buy or not?

please tell me this mobile have any problem or not???
Motog2 or redmi 1s which one is better?
Please help me to choose phone beetween Micromax canvas gold & canvas knight a350
Which mobile should I buy under 10000rs?
Hi, i want to sell my nokia lumia 625 with pure good condition. Pls tell me the avg price, which i can get.
SIR HOW I WANT MY MOBILE AN EXPENSIVE PRICE
Wish to buy the only excellent BRANDED smart phone, (moto, sony xperia, lg, panasonic, htc, micromax, karbonn)

(whichever upcoming)


i will wait for next 1-2 months till Feb/march 2015 for getting upcoming smart phone with following features: 


dual sim, 

long lasting battery (more than 2330 or 2500 mAh- upto 4000mAh), 

Gorilla Glass protection or scratch resistance

4.0-5.0 smart phone (preferably 4-4.5 inch),

internal memory storage -more than 16 GB (+ expandable up to 64 GB)

2GB RAM, 

MHL/NFC supported

slim and light weight and handy...
Which phone should I buy ZTE V5 or Honor Holly

or any other phone under 12000
Hi Everybody...! I want any one to suggest mobiles (BUT not a smart phone) that can give periodic beep sound for missed call, UNTIL we attend. like vodafone 125?
My wife want mobile she is 57 years old want mobile which has large fonts display should be big pl suggest mobile .she want to use foor whatsup and receive call . she does not want other software. range is 6000/7000
Best camera phone under rs20,000
Hello sir I just wanted to confirm that whether Asus zenfone 6 comes in with 2ghz processor or 1.6ghz processor ?
How can I change the the ringtone in LAVA hand set. It is normal hand set with camara not a smart phone.?
Hello,

I have to buy a smartphone. Here are my specifications:

1. good in-built memory, with expandable memory

2. 5 mp cam with flash + good front cam 

3. removable battery + good batt backup

4. android

5. micro sd slot

6. great sound

7. gps

8. wifi support

9. Cost
How do i sell my smartphone using this site?? Are you the buyer or advertiser??
Hello Sir,

I am using panasonic p81,does switching to lumia 730 a good idea or bad decision.Plz help as i am very much thinking of lumia 730.
I have moto g(1st gen) previously when i took pictures in flash mode tge pic was always perfect but now the pic are sometimes having low amount of light.but in normal mode without flash they are perfect.
Hello,

I bought Micromax A114 canvas 2.2 before 6 months.

My phone is getting seviere problem in display,

suddenly screen is getting off and black burr is coming

but phone is working normally.

what should i do for this problem?
Hi,my phone is nokia N8,Last 6 days i could not charge the phone due to my official tour. now phone is fully discharged. now it is not charging and not opening.plse advice me for this problem
Hi. Currently I am using Samsung ACE. I am planning to buy a new smartphone with approx. budget of INR 10,000. Which is the best amongst Xiaomi Redmi 1S and Xiaomi Note. Or are there any better options available in the market. Thank you.
Hi, I am looking for a phone with good camera and bigger screen under 20k. please help cant decide which to buy. Brand is important, as i already have bad experience with my xolo q800.
Which android mobile is great below 7000 want to purchase
My glaxy grand 19082 display is not good .how much is it?
Greetings. I want to buy a phone with following features in order of priority.

1 Good calling quality

2 Good camera quality

my net usage is limited to quora, whatsapp, and web browsing.

I have no need for paying games 

I went through a few reviews and found nokia 730 meeting most of my requirements.

Other phone I am considering are xiaomi mi3, moto g (2nd gen). I was considering redmi 1s earlier but some reviews mentioned that calling quality and speakers were not very good on it.

Although Im in not a hurry to buy a phone, I would prefer having a new one in 3 months time. My existing htc one v is about to break down. I loved the camera on this one but the call quality was not satisfactory.

Kindly suggest 3 phones with their priority, ( since I may not be able to lay my hands on mi3 soon enough )

Thanks in anticipation
Which is better phone under 7000 rs????
Does xolo x900 support gta
I want to buy a phone in the range of 10000 to 1200 is panasnoic p81 is good choice if any better please provide me the options?
I am confused between grand 2 and lumia 1320
Which is best micromax canvas nitro or xolo play 8x 1100 please tell me i want to buy any one of these
Hi sir


I want to purchase a new smartphone

My requirements are:

1. Screen size 4 inches or above

2. latest android kitkat version

3. excellent processor with fast speed

4. primary camera 5 MP or above and secondary camera with atleast 2MP(optional)

5. the most important thing which i want is, it  should support cdma +gsm sim both at same time

6. smooth touch & full HD screen resolution

7. good battery backup upto 2000mah

8. Budget : (Rs. 10000/-15000/- )(apprx.)

9. Preferences : Samsung, Lenovo, HP,HTC

Reply as soon as possible
I am confused between grand 2 and lumia 1320
Hello I am planning to buy a HTC ONE E8 mobile from dubai.

The frequencies of HSDPA and GSM of mobile there matches with india.

Does that mean that it is factory unlocked?

Will it work in India
Which mobile should I buy :- Sony xperia C3 or Karbonn Titanium Hexa
Hello i have micromax bolt a35 when i on my net and if i start any application , then the app will close automatically and home button is pressed automatically .
Hello sir, I am totally confused that which phone is better xiomi redmi 1s or huawei honor holly?

plz tell me best phone.

i heard lot of issues in redmi 1s which battery drain or heating problems?
Does a GSM + WCDMA dual SIM smart phone support two GSM SIMs?
Which is best Micromax canvas a1 or xolo one ???
What if I buy something but the product is not as described by the seller
How many days is taking to sell
I have htc desire x. I recently had problems with my SD card so I'm using the phone without it for now. I'm not able to download any files except apps from Google play. For example a pdf through the web browser or a picture attachment trough gmail. I get error messages saying I need an SD card. There is enough space in the phone memory.


Is there any way to bypass this? I don't see any options for it in settings. Thanks in advance.
What is the selling price sony xperia u ...8 month old
Is lenovo RocStar (A319) made of gorilla glass
I want to buy new dual sim Android kitkat mobile with upgradable to lollipop.

and it have good primary & secondary cameras with LED flash.

There's any mobiles for my choice.

please give me some suggest..
Sir i have ordered xiaomi mi 3 . but now you have to decide whether mi3 is better or redmi 1s
I want to buy a Smart Phone for Diwali....kindly suggest me which Phone is the Best phone to buy
I am new to wi fi technology and i want to use it at my home consistantly through mobile,so my question is which kind of equipment is needed to buy for what amount of rupees and how to configure it with my mobile to acces internet?
I have xiaomi redmi 1s... when i switch on it mi option appears on the screen but it does not go further.... its stop on mi screen
MY ALCATEL ONE TOUCH D90 MOBILE WHEN THE INCOMMING CALL COMES THE MOBILE AUTOMATICALLY GO TO SILENT MODE
Which mobile is to be buy under 10000/-


i am choosing micromax canvas turbo mini or xolo Q1011

is there any other alternative
I am confused whether to buy micromax canvas nitro or moto g 2 generation.Pls suggest me
Which phone is best to buy under 15000/-
What is the best selling price of karboon opium n7 mobile
I have ordered iberry auxus aura A1,on social media i am seeing negative review so now i am feeling some worry for this order , is this deal is ok
I am confused between Nokia Lumia 1320 , Samsung galaxy grand 2 . I am a heavy gamer , will play ganes like FIFA 14 , Modern Combat 5 . I want to run them without lag .
I want to purchase a new smartphone 

My requirements are:

1. Screen size  5 inches or above

2. latest android kitkat version

3. excellent processor with fast speed

4. primary camera 10 MP or above and secondary camera with atleast 2MP

5. the most important thing which i want is, it has all features of microsoft office like pdf, word, excel, powerpoint nd both document viewer & also document editor.

6. smooth touch & full HD screen resolution

7. good battery backup

8. Budget : Rs. 30000/- (apprx.)

9. Preferences : Samsung, LG, Lenovo, Gionee

Reply as soon as possible
WHICH PHONE IS BEST TO BUY UNDER Rs. 9000

ANY COMPANY
WHICH SMARTPHONE IS BEST FROM THE FOLLOWING -

1 lava iris x5

2 LAVA IRIS X1

3 XIAOMI REDEMI 1S

PLZ ANSWER
I want to know if there are lags on lava iris x5 and is it's performance good or not? plz tell
I want to by a phone in range of 5000-6000 which can support whatsupp,good internet connectivity and have good tuch,,,plsss explain
360securuty detected a risky in ROM in tertiary tracker r
Which mobile to buy xperia sp or blackberry z3 or xperia m2?

i want to buy a mobile for everday usage which shoukd not lag on gaming and doing other personal stuff.
I need a suggestion either to but moto G 2nd generation or XOLO Q2100
I am confused whether to buy nokia x2 or lava iris x5 ...pls suggest me which u wud giv preferrence AND why...
I have brought micromax canvas doodle 3 with 1GB Ram.But it is unremovable battery is there any problem with unremovable battery.Its battery capacity is 2500 mAh.
Pls. Tell me sir..micromax canvasA1 or gionee p4    konsa thik h...
Hello sir,

my phone is Micromax fire A104 in which storage is very less.

I am not able to install new apps, my phone shows a message "insufficient storage". Please tell me a solution for this problem. 

Thank You

Regards: Sam
Plz tell me which company mobile will be technically fit among samsung,sony......????
I am a student want to purchase a smartphone . i liked lg g3 32gb , bb passport , note 4 ??? which one is better
Is karbonn titanium octane plus good. If not can you please help me find one with almost same specs with good display and camera.
I want to buy a phone between 20,000 to 25,000 range so can you please suggest me the best phone in this range.
Hi.  I want to buy a smartphone from Samsung or Sony and upto 12000. I also think about Samsung galaxy core2 . Tell me about this.
Can you please tell me smart phone having same or better Specification than Spice MI 535 in the range 10k to 15k
Lenovo A536, karbonn titanium octane, micromax canvas color mai se kon sa mobile good hai.
Hello

Please suggest me which phone should i buy sony xperia m2 dual or moto g 2ng gen dual?? considering battery life, after sales support and overall experience.
Hello sir !! i want to buy a smartphone but don't understand which i can buy ? i want mobile with 1gb ram , 1.3 quad core processor , 5 to 5+" screen . At present i had Micromax canvas 4 i had buy after seeing his review but after i had buy i cant even play game of 300mb also .. so i m fade of this shit ...m
I want to buy a smartphone, I am little bit confused between Micromax canvas A1 (which has android 1) and Micromax Unite 2, which phone should I buy? help me...
Hello I am buying new android phone my budget is till 15 thousand, though my basic req are, should be 5'screen, quad core and 2 gb ram..plz suggest me some good phone.

Thanks
I want to know which dual sim mobile can support external portable hard drive via usb otg and i want to buy Lenovo golden warrior A8 where n when n how it available in India plz let me know on my no 09904604830
I want to but a smartphone .PLease Suggest me the best Option.My preferences are Good camera and  it should not hang.
Is that possible to sell my mobile iPhone 5C ASAP?
Please help me. Which is the best choise between micromax unite 2 and Redmi 1s... n Why?
Want to know whether this service is available in Vijayawada?
My device lost the Google play store appreciation hw do I get it back active on my device!
Greatings to all our experts? My question is that my device lost the Google play store hw do I get it back active on my device ?
Confused betwwen Samsung note 3 neo and htc dezire 816.

Which should i Buy??

Please Help.
Which smartphone is better sony xperia sp or m2
I want a Mobile for good purpose under the budget of Rs.15ooo.

Please help me out!!
I have shortlisted 3 mobiles. Please advice which one would be good in terms of battery life and after sale service.

1- HTC 616

2- Sony Xperia C3

3- Samsung Grand 2
I need a phone between 15k nd 20k...im planning to buy lg prolite ..is it right choice?
I need a phone around Rs 15k to Rs 18k, should I go for Samsung Grand 2 or do you have a better idea for me ? Suggest me please !

I need branded company phone only !
I want to buy a phone which one will be better htc one x or samsung galaxy grand 2 please reply soon my current phone creatig a lot of prob
I wish to sell my htc desire s purchased on October 2012.what will be a decent price for to sell the device?Mobile is in good conditon with orginal charger and battery
I want to buy my first smartphone up to 7000.

which one is best for me???
I m looking 4 an uptodate android cell around 23000 which doesn't hang, has decent battery backup and camera quality, fast internet along with internal and external memory
Dear sir,

I want to buy iberry auxus note 5.5 because of its good features at this cost, but i read some very bad reviews about this phone. Please suggest, should i buy this phone?
Which is better - samsung k zoom or htc 816??
Moto G 2nd Generation Vs Micromax Canvas Nitro.

Which one to Buy?
I have a karbonn titanium s1 and its mic is partially working as in wen somebody calls me or i call the other person dey cnt hear my voice but at the sme tym i can record  a voice msg on whatsapp ... Please help.
HELLO,

I'AM FROM AGRA (INDIA) I HAVE MICROMAX A177 CANVAS JUICE I WAN TO MOVE ALL MY APPS FROM PHONE MEMORY TO SD CARD. IS IT POSSIBLE AND HOW
Hi I like to delete my account details from mobiles4sales.com .. so tell me the procedure toddelete it out. Reason: I am ever using the website. Help me out ??
Samsung galaxy tab 2 gt-p3100 which USB cable will be suteble for this piece
Can i use any sony mobile lens with xperia c or xperia M2
I would like to buy a new smart phone...can u suggest me which is better android or apple iphone..i like to buy ios but my bro said go for android..
I want to buy a mobile under Rs 25000, which  mobile i have to buy please recommend me.
I would like to buy a new smart phone. 

I have 2 choice Moto g 2 or  lg l90 dual d410.My budget is around 12k to 14k.I need better battery backup atleast 1 day.can u suggest which is the best
I would like to buy a new smart phone. can u suggest which is the best phone available in store.please suggest (Budget below 15,000)
I would like to buy a new smart phone. can u suggest which is the best phone available in store.please suggest (Budget below 15,000)
Which is better- quad Core 1.5GHz Qualcom Krait with 1.5GB RAM OR dual Core 1.7GHz ARM Cortex-A15 & quad Core 1.3 GHz Cortex-A7 with 2GB RAM???
Which is better- quad Core 1.5GHz Qualcom Krait with 1.5GB RAM OR dual Core 1.7GHz ARM Cortex-A15 & quad Core 1.3 GHz Cortex-A7 with 2GB RAM???
Which is better- quad Core 1.5GHz Qualcom Krait with 1.5GB RAM OR dual Core 1.7GHz ARM Cortex-A15 & quad Core 1.3 GHz Cortex-A7 with 2GB RAM??
I am using karbonn a 90 my google play store is not working.so please send me specification to run the play store
Which one is better in overall features moto g 2nd or samsung s5 mini?
I wish to sell my expeira m purchased on june 30 2014.what will be a decent price for to sell the device?
Hi, 

my name is ritesh. I want to buy a phone in range of 10k-16k .So i m not able to decide which phone should i buy .pls help!!
IS THE ASUS ZENFONE 6 IS THE GOOD PHONE IN THE RANGE OF 17000 RS.
I have old model nokia phone mobile  105 , i have problem one contact number incoming calls ringtones no ringing
I am planning to buy a tablet ..should i buy hp tablet...should  i buy hp slate 6 or i should biy motorolla g2 2nd generatio
How much i will get for  my cell?
Sir, i want to buy a mobile with in range of 20k to 25k.i am confussed between htc desire 816 or note 3 neo or xperia c3.

i am prefer only brand. please recommend brand only. i want phone in which no hanging issue.
Sir, i want to buy a mobile with in range of 20k to 25k.i am confussed between htc desire 816 or note 3 neo or xperia c3.

i am prefer only brand. please recommend brand only. i want phone in which no hanging issue.
Which is the best at thr range around 30000..n which has good. Camera too.?
Hw Many Days To Sell The Mobile ?
Which mobile phone is better to buy samsung galaxy s5 or sony xperia z2??
I'm gonna buy a smartphone with a budget of range from 5000 to 12,000. For that I have shortlisted few models. They are - Moto E, Moto G, Micromax unite 2 and Nokia XL. From this which one should I pick ?"
Greetings,Sir.

I am planning to buy Redmi-1S.But I have some querys which I would like to clear beforehand.

1)Does it have 3G facility like other mobiles.

2)Is it upgradable to KitKat?

3)What about the service backup somewhere in Mumbai,Borivli.


Thanking you beforehand.
Recently my Samsung galaxy grand i9082 have got an official update and after updating the phone it was showing some type of voice command to be used offline.  like receiving calls and playing music and to capture photos with just a voice command. after update it takes me directly to the settings named voice command.  and there was lot of options to activate command in various function. bt after few times it stopped showing the settings. . I searched for it bt I didn't find tht. can you please tell me where these settings are?
Which one is better htc one dual 802d (m7) or htc one dual m8 or htc one dual e8
I have a Samsung flip hone. SGH A707. It will not charge. I bought a new battery and charger and still no luck.
I want mobile phone with whats app but below 3000 so please recommend me which mobile i purchase ?
Recently my Xperia m updated gellybean 4.3... After update my phone has camera related problem. Slow down and sound problem also. Before update my phone was excellent... Can I back my phone previous version jellybean 4.1? Please give me a solution as soon as possible
Want to buy a phone in the range of 8 to 12k please help
Between moto g 8gb and asus zenfone 5 A501 8gb,,which one would be best buy if we talking about long running performance?
My Gpd 102 tablets screen is broken so, what shall I do?
Its pretty much complicated nd i dont have any hope but still im posting the quetion,here it goes. i was trying to install a new os on my galaxy s4 via CLOCKWORK MOD ..installed every software that is needed on my pc including sdk files but still getting this error whn i open command prompt to sideload the file it says cannot read file. But its the zip format  that its acceptable
Suggest me android phone , I want to buy that on my birthday-21 september -service should be good in ahmedabad


I am a software professional. I want my smartphone to fulfill need of my laptop in office like viewing flash/animated websites, emails, chating on IM and skype, powerful notepad etc. 

Also I want a powerful camera which doesn't make me do a regret. Speed is also a requirement as per the needs. I want to have updates on my phone when Google release new OS. Avoid samsung.
Hello. Ihave a sony Xperia m dual sim mobile.  somedays before it was dipped in seawater n it's sound enhancements like ringer, mic, earpiece and headset jack were not working. when i wes playimg any audio or video, it was showing "sound enhancements had stopped". I showed the mobile to many local technicians and no one could help me. So please can any one say what the problem was and how it can be solved
I want to purchase htc desire 816 but, my frds said the phone heat, poor display pls help me, my another option is one mini 2 this is good phone a!!!! which phone is better replay me..
How many days will be spend in the selling of my mobile
What are the best dual sim smart phones available in india. ..
Sir I am a currency trader using Angel pdf  software in my computer, however I can't carry my computer with me, so is that any smart phone in which this software can work.   

(Marking)- short key's like F1, F2 are been used for Buy and Sell transaction.
If I buy an iphone 5s that's setup for AT&T, and want to use it on ConsumerCellular's network (also AT&T but perhaps different SIM?)  what do I have to do?  Does it have to be unlocked?
BRANDED BAR MOBILES WITH 3000MAH BATTERY BACKUPS.DUAL SIM WITH WIRELESS FM.
Hello i have asus zenfone 4(8gb).when i install moderncombat 3,riptide GP2 ,amazing spiderman and start play it stop and showing 'unfortunately the program stoppe' .but these all game play fine in the youtube gaming review of this phone. please say me what should I do.
I have taken my samsung chaton mobile for 4500 two years back now i want to sell it how much can i get if i sell it

It is working properly till now no problem at all with that.
I have a Samsung galaxy s4 black edition. I recently faced slow charging issues.. The phones does not charge fully even if we charge for one whole day. Can I do anything about it to fix the problem? Please help
Which mobile shall i purchase with a price range of 12000 to 18000

between Sony nokia htc only
Which phone should i buy

asus zenfone 5 (8 GB)or xiomi mi3.

Please reply as soon as possible
I am not able to change my ringtone in my Micromax unite 2 please help me
In My micromax turno my camera does not work it shows unfortunately gallery has stopped but when i restsrt the piece it starts working what would be the problem
How i delete my ad.
I posted an add for a mobile sale Lenovo s660 brand new just one day old.i got a reply from a girl in Belgium who wants me to courier this phone to Nigeria ..she asked me abt my bank details so that she can do the payment..is it fine to ho ahead with this sale?
Hello sir

I want to buy a good phone in range 15000-20000

With a good camera n all good features

Any suggestions???

And which would be a better option

Htc desire 616 & samsung grand 2???

Pls reply soon

Need urgent help

Thank uu
Wich nokia mobile is the best between 9000-1000rs
My budget is 8000 i want tablet 3g, 1gb ram could u suggest me which one to buy
Hello Sir.. I need your help very urgently... I need to buy a good android smart phone. My budget is Rs. 20000/- May be i can increase Rs. 1000 extra if suppose i get good phone.. Sir please help me.. I need following features...


1. Camera Clarity Should be good with flash

2. Music speaker should be loud. If it is dual speaker phone i will be more happy...

3. Good battery backup ..


Sir, please guide me sir :( If i go to mobile shop, they wont guide me properly...!!! :( Please its very urgent...


I had a plan to go for Samsung S4 Mini. But its music volume is not up to the mark...! :( 

Then i decided to go for Micromax Canvas Knight. But I fear to buy i dont know about Micromax :(

In Nokia i love it. Becuse i know this company models starting from 1100 model till 6233 and N73 models...


Sir please tell me which phone is best...
Recently i bought Asus Zen fone 6 and launched camera and i saw that waves are floating upon screen and also into pictures.Is it camera problem or manufacturing defect.please help me to get solution.
I quite like Sony xperia Z1 but doubtful about call quality. Kindly advice.
Hello sir/ madam

I would like to know the procedure to sell mobiles on your web site.


regards
I HAVE SAMSUNG GALAXY GT19082 and can not connect with PC and can not able to usb thetring what is the prolem ?

it is compatible to sandisc dualdrive pen drive in sandisc list this number is not mentioed plaese clear.
Is nokia X a good phn for me bcaze i luv android apps?????

so i should buy wat?? nokia X or lg E425???
Sir is nokia 630 safe to uce.the sar value is 1.51 where as nokia 525 have 0.79. I am confused what to buy. Feture wise 630 is better but sar value is high which i think not good for health.so pls suggest me what to buy 630 or 525.
Would like to sell Nokia Lumia 925 Windows 8.1. OS. THe Phone is a month old only.
I need samsung B210 marine phone to buy (used or new). There is no provision to search particular type in this site NOR the series is listed in category. One need to go through all the pages to find out. Please help. thanks
Hello im ankit from jaipur...i jst wnna to ask tht..here some sellers are selling imported htc one x 64 gb..for 10000 r.s but thy not giving the bill of tht phone..soo please tell me...should i buy it without bill or no.
Dear Sir,

I want To buy a Smartphone Which Is Better?

and i have A choice also Xolo Q600s, Lava Iris X1 or Celkon Millenium Vogue Q455

Please Tell Me Which Smartphone Is Better in These options.
Sir, I need to buy Xolo Q600s mobile phone.I feel its good among this range. Do you prefer its worth buying??
I want to buy a smartphone.....Which one I should Buy

Sony Xperia T2 or Samsung Galaxy S4 ....nd please tell me their present cost.....
I want to sell my samsung note - 2 GT-N7100. could you tell me the price...
Htc desire 616 (Rs 16000)

Htc desire 816 (Rs 23000)

Sony xperia zr (Rs 20000)

Which phone is best to buy including price factor?
Sir,

i am having a budget of 10000 to 15000 could you please recommend me a phone within this price range and only nokia,htc and sony and non other than these companies.If could you help me out i will be very thank full to you
I wan 2 sel my nokia x3-02 mobile
My hand set lava KKT 27 is infected with virus, and dail list of my phone is not shown now a days, flashing too was not possible as i tried it.Can u plz advice me any technique for proper solution of this problem.
I got a mail from buyer. She told me that she stays in Canada. And she told me that she will pay me 17k + shipping charges extra. And she told me that she will transfer money thru western union. So is this a genuine buyer ?

How can I chek weather she is genuine or not ?

Is it safe to sell my phone out of India ?
Actually I got a mail from one buyer mentioning that he has credited the money through RBC bank and ask me to send the mobile .how can I verify it is genuine
I am selling my phone in pune and I got one reply from a girl who is staying in Belgium. So will it be safe to sell my phone to her ? 

all users registered here are authenticated or not ?
I want to buy  XOLO Q1010i smart phone. i m little bit confuse.

Previously i was using Samsung ACE duos its battery backup was bad, phone hangs always. So please help me . Is this phone is good, my budget is 11000.
I want to buy a phone under 20000 please suggets me some phone
Which one to buy??

moto e vs xolo q600s

xolo q600s has usb otg facility+led flash+front camera

moto e has brand name from motorola.

help me out
Any shops in begampetaarea
My micromax canves a74 suddenly stoped working . Now when I start my phone it doesn't show anything just shows written Canvas . What should I do.
I want to buy a mobile under 13500,please select a good mobile.
Is moto e the best phone under 10,000?
Hello,

Lenovo A526, Lenovo A516 & Moto E which one is better? I am planning to buy one today itself. So Please reply ASAP. I understand that you have other things to look after but please try & reply.
I have a karbonn 19 mobile when i make a call it giving ussd code running error. so pls sovle the problem
I want to buy a mobile phn under 15k can i buy xiaomi mi3 is is worth buy can u plz suggest me can i rellay on ths company or any asus mobile which would be good choice
Operating System Android (4.3) Upgradable To: v4.4.2 (KitKat), what it mean and how i upgrade lavairish406q to kitkat?
I want to sell my LG Nexus 4 16 GB black color which is 08 months old
Sir/Madam,

I wanted to know if my micromax canvas 2 A120 have OTG support. Please help
I want to sell Blackberry torch 9860 used for 19 months for how much i should sell it
I need a stylish mobile range of 23000 what mobile is the best can u tell me which one is best
Pls Delete my Add on your website

Add id : 24272

Regards

Manish
I want to sell samsung galaxy s2. Please advise to sell it fast
I WANT TO BUY SONY M2. IS IT GOOD PHONE?
I HAVE HTC 501,I WANT TO SELL IT
Sir,my budget is around 6000 to 7000 ,and i m consufed between asus 4.5,asus 4 zenfone,and micromax unite 2 106,plz suggest the right option,my main requirement is good camera and 1 g.b ram.plz rply ASAP.
Which to prefer among the following 

1.lenovo p780 8gb

2.lenovo s 660

3.htc desire 516

4.moto g

including overall performance
Which to prefer among the following 

1.lenovo p780 8gb

2.lenovo s 660

3.htc desire 516

4.moto g

including overall performance
Whats the best phone under 20000 ... brand is not problem.... nor os is... i just want an awsome phone with good config
I do not wish to sell my mobile here so i want to delete my account and my information from here what do i do?
Hi,

I need to buy a smartphone under 30000INR. I've nexus 5,Samsung Note 3 neo and LG g2 in my list. Which is the best Smartphone among these ? Please suggest.I'm really Confused !!!
Lumia 925 or any other phone in that range i m going to join iit guw this year want to use the smartphone for next 4 year
What would be the best resale price of sony xperia zr , of aug '13 purchase in mumbai
I have a alcatel one touch idol x and i was using it today and it just shut down and now it will not turn back on .... the only thing of power that comes on is the notification light and thats when its pluged into a power cord other then that no matter what i do it will not do anything
How can set photo in contact on micromax a 106
How can set photo in contact in micromax a 106
How can i sell
I need to purchase a phone and my budget is around Rs 5000 . Which phone should I buy ?
Karbonn a90 -

Its not accepting calls but outgoing is on..........
Please anyone suggest me any good smartphone under 10,000.... im confused around huge range of phones. i want a featured and safe and lasting smartphone
What the opinion about the phone Lenovo A526?
I have lg g2 d802 i rooted it and flashed custom recovery in it and then i installed cyanogemod rom init everything worked fine but as i installed its orignal firmware again it it started bootloops and its not going into recovery aswel
Dear Sir,


I have a Karbonn A1+ Duple. Date of purchase 04.12.2013 from Agartala




Specification : 512 MB Internal Memory, 256 MB RAM




My phone shows this Problems :


i)                     Internal Storage :- Running 120 MB used 5.5 MB free  


ii)                   RAM :- 106MB used 118 MB free




In the Specification shows: 512 MB Internal Memory, 256 MB RAM, So why it shows internal memory this. What is the problem?  Now my phone become slow, what can I do now? Some times I have Internet problem, sometimes it connect fast, sometimes shows internal problem.  Please solve my matter.


Yours faithfully


Rajib Chakraborty
Hi..My budget is around 10 and i am looking for a nice complete phone. I am a bit confused between micromax and nokia lumia. please suggest me.
Bit of confusion.............wid which onw i shu go....xperis t2 ultra dual or htc desire 816.........plzz help me out
Whuch phone should I buy under 15000
My phone was in a trouble(the sim is no response/disconnect)samsung gt 18500            the data connection is on but no response regarding to the sim reading..how to  fix it again.pls..thanks chris from Phillippines
Smart phone with best camera and ram , processor,battery

I'M confused in Gionee Elife s5.5 and E7 16 gb .


I noticed that 16GB E7 has 2 GB RAM But 32 GB E7 Has 3 GB RAM ...
Automatically volume is full amd slow
Which mobile should I buy??

Most important thing is Camera. Budget max 12K

Pls help
How can i reset my windows phone so that i can my self remove from the "my family " settings of the former user of my phone 

2.ican't install an app in my windows phone 

how to add a company account  in my phone
I have a budget of around 30-35 thousand...Is Samsung galaxy S5 the best I can have or is there smthing better than that ??
Is there is any option of purchase new phone with the old one
Nokia lumia 525 or Nokia XL? Which one is the best. Give all opinions for it.
I want to buy a new phone. Money no problem. Confused between htc one m7 or htc one m8 or samsung s5? 

Basic use lots of calling email and then snapchat watsapp instagram and facebook thats all. Please suggest
Hi!. I am in deliemma to choose between Sony Xperia Ultra T2 and Gionee Elife E7. I am looking for a phone which is faster in browsing and downloading with good camera and smooth touch and sound quality. As I operate my business emails/ PDF/ Documents and indulge in online reading on phone, Hence all these factors are imp. 


Most imp After sales services should be good too.Please suggest.    


Regards
Hi can i install jelly bean on samsung s duos using rom recovery mode is it good to do so
Hi all i was having micromax A 25 smarty android phone which accidentaly fallen in water and got off 

I took it to micromax service center and even they could not on it now i want my important contacts stored in that mobile and important msg that were stored in that mobile . 

I will buy new phone but i want Contacts stored in that mobile at any cost is there any way or method to get the contacts and msgs from that dead mobile
I am planning to buy a mobile at around 10k range. I have shortlisted three models, 

1) micromax canvas colors a120

2) Xolo q1100

3) Samsung core


Samsung specifications in this range are quiet outdated so not much interested in it. Wanted to know your opinion about the micromax and the xolo model. Also heard about the heating issue of a120 and low speaker output of xolo q1100. Wanted to know your opinion
My mobile white display porblmer  wfibe mobile mobile n620
I am looking to buy either sony xperia T2 ultra or HTC desire 816. Which one to buy? (budget is upto RS:-25000/-)
Recently bought a Verizon droid bionic online. I can get on the internet and send text messages, but when I try to make a phone call it continuously says dialing and the call never goes through. Why is this happening and how do I fix it?
Step by step i need to know how to fix htc one m7 not entering to recovery and struck in boot loop , after i installed a wrong rom .

3 days i am trying to get an solution to my phone . 3 days have been spent on google , most of tips have been followed ,and my phone still as before , not able to access recovery .now am very tired please guys help me .  


some information about my htc.

Cid htc-038..

S-on

unlocked

802d.
Sir which android kitkat mobile is better in 9000
Sir, which one is best  samsung s4 mini or htc one mini
I am engineering (computer science) student in India. I want help about which phone I should buy.I have two choices Nokia lumia 1320 and Blackberry Z10.camera is not important for me.which is the good for me?
For how much is samsung galaxy fit can be sold ?
I search of Phone with following features :

Dual SIM, 4G/LTE( India), screen 4.7-5.5, camera 8MP OR MORE, Price less then 30K
I want to buy a android mobile for under Rs.7000/= Phone should have good back & front camera, multimedia features & gud speed. Plz help
Is samsung galaxy Note 3 is better than samsung S5?

Please help me....
Sir, i want to buy a lava iris phone. But now i get cofused whether xolo Q700S or Lava iris x1 is better?
In micromax unite2 and lava iris X1 which one is better? Am little bit confuse reply ASAP..
I have a query about htc desire 816. although it has dual sim but it says GSM + CDMA. i need brief on these. can i use 3g on GSM? on CDMA which network can i use ? can i use 3g on CDMA ? i'm using Vodafone 3g for now. can i use it on htc desire 816?
Hello sir,

     I have karbonn A2+ I wanted to increase my ram so I download RootMaster app and by mistake I have deleted my Google Play Store so I'm not able to use apps store.

       On downloading the Google play from internet it rapidly says,"Google play has been Stop" so kindly help me,rather than suggesting Mobogiene app. Thank u.
I want to buy gt 19082 from users and how to identify its originality and its price in usd. Thanks for help.
I want to delete my account..kindly help
I am having xperia u for how much price can i sell it
I want to sell my Sony Xperia Neo L which I bought last year. The phone is in very good condition. Please help.
Which will be the best android mobile under 20k
I want to sell my mobile, model sony ericsson wt13i,bought on 2012 november. please tell me at what price i call sell it for?
Dear sir, i want to buy new mobile. i have selected sony xperia m2 duos ans samsung galaxy grand2. i am concerned about good battery life and camera as i use whatsapp facebook continuously. i heart that grand 2 have heating problem is it true? pls suggest me which is best for me.
I am a college student,i am confused whether i should buy a lumia 925 or wait for release of lumia 930..i live in India i have a budget of Rs.34000 (ie.USD.600)..will lumia 930 be available at that price in the month of june.
Hlo 

I have a nokia e71 when i launch the camera it shows an error camera feature not supported plz give me a solution
Dear sir
 Mera mobile chori ho gaya hai 
us ka Emi no kaise milega.
mujhe batayen 
help me.
thankyou...
I want to buy a new cell phone. My budget is about Rs20000. I want best to best performance and display qualities.
Sir I need small help from ur side....


Morning ma mobile ask for update device software. .. after updating all the photos taken from camera are deleted or its not showing. .. plz help me to sort out this problem. . Or tell me how to restore all those photos. ..
How to delete my account
When my mobile will be sold please do some thing
IN MY PHONE MULTI WINDOW IS NOT GETTING OPENED ,PL HELP ME
Hi sir, i want to buy a mobile must have these features....dual sim or triple sim, 2g internet, good battery life etc....please suggest me a good mobile under 1000 to 1500 rs....
I want to buy a new mobile.my budget is below 13000
How is nokia xl phone
Sir.i want to purchase htc desire 816 get me  info.
Let me know gionee life E6 is a good mobile please help me 

because i m going to buy this moble
Hi, I want to buy a mobile,confused between MotoG or MotoX? Which is Best? OR please suggest the best mobile in market now. Max Range is 25k
Hello, I'm planning to switch o a new phone...

I'm using the Samsung Galaxy S3, I'm really happy with it

but for certain reasons I'm able to switch to a new phone.


Main question is: Iphone 5S or Galaxy S5?

I never used a Iphone before so I'm curious
Why Sony Xperia c is off and on when unlock it
I want to purchase iphone 5s within 35000.
I want to sell my xperia x10
Sir /mam i want to buy a new android mobile phone under 15000INR & currently i'm very confused as there are a lots of phone available in the market and i not in a state to make a choice....and thats why i need your expert opinion...

m confused between LENOVO P780, SAMSUNG GRAND QUATTRO, GIONEE M2... & XOLO Q1100 N Q1010i........

I WANT A PHONE WITH BETTER BATTERY BACKUP...GOOD CAMERA N DUAL CAMERA N SIM.....WITH BETTER COMPANY SERVICE AFTER PURCHASE......IF YOU CAN SUGGEST ME A BETTER PHONE BESIDE MY SELECTED ONES...I OPEN TO THAT.....


PLEASE DO REPLY .......THANK YOU
How to uninstall tertiary tracker in my ROM for xolo q1000 opus
Dear Experts and technician


I bought SAMSUNG note 2 GT-N7105 -LTE from Korea last week and when I get back to Egypt I tried my Sim card and the mobile refused to make internet connetion. I tried to choose connection type to be Auto but the mobile give me 2G internet connection only and when I tried CWMDA it some times give me 3G, H and H+ but when some body all me he gets the message that my mobile is turned off and when I tried GSM only it gives me calls only and no internet.


when I went to data provider the customer care played with some stuff in the mobile then the mobile no more give any internet connection


what can I do ????
I wanna buy new cell phone nd ma budegt is about 40000... plzzz suggest me gud 1... Thanks
Best mobile phone under 30k
Which would be the best and lasting mobile beween 10,000... of nokia and samsung smart phones
I am planning to buy my first smart phone and have selected Samsung Galaxy S3 with 2GB RAM and 1.4 quad core processor. I have seen lot of people buying 1 GB RAM, however, I am going for 2 GB from ebay. Let me know if I can go for it and its a good phone.
Hi 

I want to buy samsung galaxy note 3 n9005 usa just want to know that will it work in india bcouz there are several reports of region lock and how to remove region lock from the cellphone
I am a big lover of sony.i already have used xperia U now i want to buy  any good phn of sony and i am confused to buy between 3 phones-xperia c,sp and t2.please tell me which one is better 4 me.i am confused bcoz t2 have too big screen which is not looking cool in hands,second one is sp which is too older phn now a time in processor,and the last one is "c" its screen resolution is too low.which will you recommend?
Hey I m confused between 

Xperia t2 ultra

Xperia ZL

Xperia ZR 

Moto X
Hi i want to buy a mobile phone but confuse please help me to choose i am looking to buy iphone 5s, samsung galaxy note 3 or samsung galaxy s5 which is better option help me to choose
Can police track down stolen phone after hard reset?
I Want to cdma/gsm model touch screen dual sim model rate , and also wcdma work as cdma phone.yes, ie.lenovo A60+ Black model work as mts sim, say answer
GOOGLE NEXUS 5 OR SONY XPERIA ZL WHICH IS BETTER
Hey,i am a student in india and I am planning to take a phone with a tight budget of around rs-24000. I am a very heavy user in terms of playing games clicking pics and loading apps..i am looking for phones having good build quality and external storage facility. I checked the new HTC desire 816 and sony ultra T2 ....exploring the market...can you suggest a good phone and which is better in the above two?

And also I will be a new anaroid user..my last phones were iphone3g and iphone4s
Mere mobile par koi bhi internet page khulra hai par download nahi hita hai mere pas mb mojud hota hai sayad mere seting mein problem hai
Dear Sir/Madam

i want to sell my mobile(Samsung-B7722)phone.and which is non- working condition..and also i have 3 more mobile on working condition...so let me know whats the process and i will get money from you......
How do I bypass blackberry BIS throttling? My service provider has set a 100 megabyte download limit for a month even though you are on BIS, if you exceed the limit your network will be slowed down, you download at a very slow pace sometimes it even cancels even if you paid for a 3G phone this still happens so I have currently been throttled and would like to know how to bypass this. I have a blackberry bold 9900 and am using the vodacom service provider.
I want to take a android mobile under10000 but i confused which cellphone i can take so please help me to suggest a good mobile with 1gb ram and other facilities
Is it worth to go for HTC Flyer 4G P515E 32GB 7" GSM Tablet -Silver now considering the face that the company has discontinued the tablet
Which phone to buy samsung galaxy s5 or note 3
How can I transfer may downloaded songs from my phone memory to my sd card?
How I can format my mobile  model GT19082
I have samsung note 2 N7105 32 Gb and i was trying to upgrade it to 4.3 jellybean but is OS system is crashed and now no Os is installed.now when i download is firmware it is a 1 file N7105XXUEMK5_N7105NEEEMK1_N7105XXUEMJ9_HOME.tar and i am instaling it with Odin and it is not finishing and making error on the end.please help me how can i repair my phone
Dear Sir,

Good Day

I have plan to buy a smartphone with in couple of days.I have two choices one is samsung galaxy S4 & second one is Apple 5S.

I am confuised whch i have buy.Some revies i had read the s4 having battery problem.

Kindly assist.
Can we use reliance cdma sim on Micromax Canvas Blaze HD EG116?
I have a second hand iphone5 from us

I take airtel SIM card to use in that phone

How to use and settings
Hai this is murali recently i had purchased galaxy 8262 .

it is working now very slow how can i make it fast.is ther any android app to make my mobile fast.
Nokia lumia 610 or 620..which to be bought.
I want a ph which has a good camera quality in low light aswel and which is durable, and has good protection fe..atures like corning gorilla glass as my phone falls down on ground many a times. my budget is upto 25,000. plz suggest me the best.
Which is better?1)karbonn a29  2)xolo q600.
Dear Expert,

             I have a problem with my iphone 4G. I bought it from a vendor and I didn't know that it was protected by icloud id. It's software had a problem and I have to install new version but now it needs icloud id to unlock and I don't have that id. So plz help me what should I do. I am extremely annoyed.

I will be very thankful for your help.
How can i get the money and who will come to take the mobile
Hello sir !

i want to instal androide Os on my samsung Note 2N7105 and i can not find the CSC: N7105NEEEMK1

MODEM: N7105XXUEMJ9

files.how can and where can i download this files or comple files with PDA file.

please help me.THANKS
Hello sir

I wanna sell my mobile
Heyy sir..., i jus wanna buy a good smart phone.. not bothered of price..i want a phone with no laagings...much speed,awsm gaming performance..much more features..and a good camera..can u suggst 10 mobiles according to rankings..(on the basis of my needs)
Dear Sir,

     I have bought a Studio Heaphone but I dont have any amplifier. I want to use it in Mobilephone. It has an impedence of 44ohms. But My Currently Owned Sony Xperia Sola doesnot have enough Power to Boost the HeadPhone,so the Sound Level Output is very Low. So, I decided to Buy Phone with inbuilt HeadPhone Amolifier like hTc One and One Mini.

         Now I want to ask U, which Phone between One and One Mini has More HeadPhone Output Volume????
Can we sell the mobile who have no bill.
Want to buy android jellybean. I've zeroed it on samsung galaxy s duos 2 and micromax. which is better? how about Micromax service?
I want to buy a smartphone with latest android OS, and also a phone which can meet the needs of my office work i.e. writing and editing mails. I an passionate about photography too, so phone should have quality camera. My budget is 10-15,000
I want to sell my galaxy grand bought in sep 2013 and would offer 2 ncase covers and 16 gb mem catd what should I expect phone is in good condition jist want to sell so that I ca go for grand 2
Sir, am planning to buy a cell. I have zeroed in on nokia x and micromax canvas juice a77. am confused as to which one is better. which one is the best among them
Which is the best samsung glaxy star pro or nokia x
Dear sir ,. I need mobile around 10000-20000.having 1 GB ram ,flash ,front cam,screen size should be greater than 4.3

preferring Samsung,Sony,Nokia,Motorola.suggest a phone please..?
What should be the resale value of Blackberry Curve 9220 (Purchase Feb-2013)
Sir can i please have your thought on  XOLO Q1100 . I want to know about its perfomance. Especially about the battery backup . Is it worth a buy ??
Regards
Diar sir , Aap ka pune me shop ka location cha hieye
Which phone should i buy between moto g and htc desire 310 ?
How to put  different ringtones for two sim cards in a cell?

cell is Micromax canvas HD A 116
I want mobile with ips display under rs 10000. Please tell me some phones with battery(+1800 mah) ,and other good features...
Tell me mobile to buy with

OS anroid 4.1.2 atleast

cmera dual with flash

budget 5000-7000
I am planning to buy xolo 500s but seen people reviews on buying site saying that it has problem with its mic and xolo coustomer dont response so should i go forward or not
I had a micromax337 mobile .but I could n't find bluetooth in it. kindly suggest me how i can use bluetooth
I want to buy a mobile phone, range 15000.. but i'm confused between certain models. can u suggest me one? the models i have listed are : lenovo s920, sony xperia c, upcoming asus zenfone 6. shall i go after the branding of sony, or get some high end specs as in lenovo? one more question : Does lenovo phones support google play services? somewhere there has been given that s920 is a chinese model, so it doesn't have google play.

thank u in advance...!
Sir Which Mobile Phone Should I Buy :-

1)Nokia Lumia 520

2)Nokia Lumia 525

3)Intex Aqua I6

Sir Please Send SMS With Ur Answer At 8264487882
I wan a sell my galaxy grand i9082 white so can u tell me the maximum prise of it? It's in good condition or nine months old phone
I wanted to root my Karbonn A1+ duple. What are the advantages and the disadvantages?
When will the ad go live?
My dad is in Manila and I asked him to get me Moto X from there because it's cheaper. But he reckons it's not safe and that the warranty wouldn't work in India. Is it a good idea to get it from Manila or Kuala Lumpur, where he's headed next. I hope you can give me a swift reply because he's almost about to leave from Manila. Thank you :)
I want to buy new phone in two days bt i confussed which phone i want to buy..my budget for this is 15000/-. Give me good options ...moto g and Nokia Xl which is better
I want to buy a CDMA phone. Range Above 30,000
I want to know the current price for my phone
I want to buy a smartphone with a good camera under 8000 ,is lumia 520 good or any other
I have a problem how can I uninstall tertiary tracker in ROM my xolo q1010
Hey, I have a new lumia 62 mobile. iwant to sell it. wht is the price...!!!
Dear Sir/Madam 

I want to buy Smartphone, i have 2 option 

1) Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini 

2)Samsung Galaxy Grand 2 

Please suggest me which phone should i select from above 2 Kindly help me on this matter as soon as possible 

Thanking You, 

Harsh Hirpara
I HAVE HTC EVO 4G MOBILE.I GOT IT SECOND HAND FROM MY RELATIVE.IN PHONE IDENTITY MENU I WANT TO CHANGE CURRENT USER NAME HOW TO CHANGE THIS I DONT HAVE ANY PREVIOUS USER INFO
I need 4 sim  gsm mobiles only. if available please contact me

996554005
Nokia lumia 520 is in good condition if I wanted to sell and get new lumia 1020 how much it will cost me, it hasn't even completed 1yr so I am expecting 8000 for my mobile suppose if I sell
How can i recover deleted videos from any kind of phone, if it is possible
I like to buy a touch screen  dual sim mobile with better battery under 2500/- rupees so pls tell me which phone i buy 4 rough and tough purpose?
Suggest me about i need good camera sharpness,all hd video player  from  canvas 4,karbon titaliam x, xolo q 2000
I hav eto buy a smart phone in a range of 10000 to 12000 so please suggest best phone. i am thinking of moto G sonyxperia m,j,go please sugggest the best one with least price
Which phone shal i buy..?canvas a77 or zen 701hd..?according to service centre nd evrything
Please sir,can you tell me:

which is the most value for money phone-

1. xolo q800 x-edition

2. xolo q1000 opus

3. micromax canvas juice

4. micromax canvas 2.2 A114

5.i-ball andi 5h
How to update software

mobile details:-

android,gingerbread

galaxy y duos
How to update my software
I HAVE mICROMAX a116 AND i WISH TO CHANGE RINGTONE. i HAVE DOWNLOADED RINGTONE FROM PLAY STORE BUT I don't know how to set it up as mobile ringtone.Please Help
I have a Galaxy Grand Duos model GT-19082L that I purchased in the United States. I have been trying for months to get the phone unlocked from Samsung so I can get the service switched to AT&T but I keep getting the run around from everyone. Is there anyone at all who can help me get this fixed?
Why my mixromax canvas HD developing cracks on its own?They are mild cracks and my screen is working fine.what should i do? should i let it be the way or it will get worse over time and my screen wont work any longer???plz help.
Which is better micromax canvas magnus or doodle 2.plz reply and how can i known the latest mrp price of them.
Is these mobiles will be sold ? or what i have to do
Nokia lumia 625 or samsung Glaxy grand 2..

which one is better?
Which one is better samsung galaxy core or sony xperia m
Should i buy z10 at price of 18k.? Or bb is going to die.. And other options..
Thanks for the Reply. Well the Blackberry Z10 is now available at the price of 18,000 Rs. There is a article in Times Of India. you can check out in google.

I can increase the budget to 22,000 no problem with that. 

Asking because company not doing well so its good to Blackberry Phones?

I phone 4 is available at 22,000 so which is the better deal.

Z10 or I phone 4?
Want to buy a phone.

Budget : 13000 - 18000

Samsung Grand 

Blackberry Z10- The co. is not doing well so price right now is 17,990.

These are two option or any other. Please Suggest.


Main Purpose : Mailing

Thank You
Is it fair enough to buy Blackberry Z10 in 17990 INR...
Why there is no font style tab in my samsung android phone and how to bring it up
Nokia bkack lumia 510 in wrranty period for sale in only 5000rs..windows phone mango operating system..4.0 capacitive touchscreen..5.0 megapixals camerawith autofocus...internal memory 4GB..no scratches with orignal back rubber cover worth rs 200..battery charger usb cable,orignal headset bill box etc...hurry up...contact me
I have to send group sms

I want DUAL SIM ANDROID MOBILE with

GROUP CONTACTS FCILITY (ATLEAST 50 CONTACTS)

PLZ SUGGEST ME SUCH MOBILE
I have a samsung galaxy ace duos and it fell into water and since then it is not working !It is all blank and has switched off !What should i do to switch it on ?
Hi i hav e to sel my mobile
How much is Samsung S Advance second hand price ?
Blackberry 2nd hand mobile sale sale 4 me
I want to buy a high end device with a large screen and awesome cemera..my budget is around 46000..please suggest me
Is GIONEE trustworthy?
Can Emoto parts be used to fix an Samsung galaxy 3
I have a problem that my antivirus has detected a malware in Tertiary Tracker has risky(In ROM)
I have buy a gionee p2 mobile, it has 5 mf. camera but the photo quality is not good , just like out of focus. pl tell me about the camera setting
Hi my Name is Ravi & i am a working professional I am looking to buy an android phone but i dont want to loosen up my bank, a budget phone smart enough within 22K with good camera, good battery life & HD display & fast processing.

I am confused between samsung grand 2 Gionee E6, Lenovo VibeX.
Sir i buy Micromax a 76 ye mobile shi h ya nhi
I want to sell my Apple Iphone 4 8GB, Its 6-7 months old and in very good condition. Can you please provide me an expected selling price for the same ?
May i exchange my micromax A35 BY ANY other mobile
I want to sale my micromax android bolt a 26  , 4months old set in rupees 3450. i stay in north 24 parganas , kolkata. can u help me to find the buyers as soon as possible?
I own a LG G pro lite dual,operating on andriod version 4.1.2 can it be updated further
Hi...
I just want to know that which phone should i buy between these two..
1. Lg G Pro Lite D686
2. XOLO Q3000
Which mobile is best to buy among Lenovo A706, Nokia 520, samsung s duos 2 s7582,  LG Optimus L7 II p7 ?
I wish to delete my account with Mobiles4Sale.in with immediate effect. how can it be done quickly?
I wanna sell my cell as soon as possible can uu give me some idea pls
How i contace  with you and how i sale our mobile fone please tellme 

thanks
I want to buy a phone under 19,000rs 

my priorities are very good camera quality and music quality
My samsung mobile model no GT-19082 has been in hanging mode so I cannot operate it as it is required PIN but i have no idea about the PIN no so please suggest me.
I wish to buy an andriod phone of Upto Rs 12000/- which model micromax or xolo is better for me pl advise me.
Which is best in xolo q1000s and samsung galaxy grand
HTC Desire-C white cooler four month old showroom condition sale with bill box only for Rs. 6000 call back 9781307272
I want to purchase mobile & having following options 

Lenevo  S920

Xolo Q2000

Karbonn Titanium S9


Which one should I buy as best choice
Micromax canvas 2 plus vs micromax canvas juice a77 which one has better display quality
Hello sir

i want to buy mobile phone to watch share price and trade any company budget is 5000 2nd hand will do
I am looking to buy a budget mobile phone with equivelent spec to Huawei U5510 model which is not available online/market. 


My requirement is 

	Dual sim

	Resonably good signal/call quality

	Resonably good internet speed with option to use as USB or WiFi modem (tethering)
Mobile no verify kese hoga i dont know
Im using samsung galaxy grand duos GT-19082, and is a double sim but I can only see one at the back of the phone. so please im asking where can I found the other sim slot please I need your help. THANK YOU
Hello. My Samsung S3 mini fell on my desk and it doesnt work..  I cant turn him on.. Im suprised becouse he fell from small height,probably 20 cm. Can i fix this somehow or the only solution is service?
Hiii i want to buy a new mobile nr by 10000, which one is best according to you.....pls
Hi I want to sell my HTC Wildfire bought in Jan 2013. I always kept it in covers and cases and screen guards. I opened all covers and guards and it is looking like it is bought just now. Also, I have always cared for this mobile. This is in excellent working condition. Please suggest best price for selling.
Should i go for micromax fun A 74 by selling my samsung fame?? Suggest me your advice.
I am selling my new iphone 5s 32gb gold with a week used as i have got two phones.I am negotiating price as i have used it for just 5 days and the price is 54,000.Anyone interested?
I want to sell Nokia lumia 625 ... Please advise best price
I want to sell my Nokia Lumia 625 .. It's almost new bought three months ago

But not used at all ....please advise for how much it can be sold .... Or it can be exchanged with iPhone 5s or samsung s4
Sell a mobile at a good cost
I want to buy phone between 10000 to 15000 and i want good camera,with hdmi port,ram min.1gb.....
Hi,I want to buy a smartphone under Rs 12000 with good screen size and camera.Which phone do you suggest.
Sir , i am pursuing my first year B.tech and want to buy a smartphone suitable for student like me. my budget is under   8,000. sir please suggest the best one for me.
Hello sir i want to buy a handset upto budget of 20000 with latest feture one feture i need most is office editing
Sir,

I want to buy a smart phone upt rs.30,000.I was thinking to either sony xperia z or samsung note 2,can u suggest which one is bitter and i want to use such phone for 2 years atlest.
Hi,

I am opting for buying a mobile within 10000 INR.Is Micromax Canvas Doodle A111 a good option as it looks quite decent but am quite uncertain about the brand.

Please suggest
My Micromax mobile q36 not send mms & multimedia messaging
I wanted to buy touchscreen mobile phone within Rs5500 (approx.). the main objective to buy this phone is to block unwanted calls and sms from callers (not advertisement or commercial calls) using apps, which my present basic mobile phone doesn't have this feature and also to play games. please give me the 5 top brands names in india other than 

nokia and samsung and their model names which supports above apps ?

I searched in internet but very confused. first I selected nokia but its OS is Symbian, so I rejected it.

waiting for your early reply

thank you
I am mobile want sell and your website my mobile feedback go
I am looking to buy a phone under 9000 rupees.which one is best for using internet and other nokia lumia 520 or nokia xperia e
I m looking to buy a phone or phablet upto 12-14k. But i m vry confused to see a wide range of products. But the some i have selected for are:

1. Micromax canvas 2 plus

2. Micromax canvas hd a116i

3. Xolo q1000

Can anyone please guide me which one of them is best. The features i want are : no lags in gaming, good for voice calls and internet, music sound doesn't matter for me. I am also looking for OTG support for net. Plz guide me if there is some other good phone in this price also. But with xolo i think there is after sale problems. And about karbonn. Plz suggest some tabs also with OTG in this price, but it should be durable. Thanx for reading my question, plz reply as i want a new phone/phablet this new year. :-)
I want to purchase a smartphone under rs.15000.... i am confused between samsung and micromax..... please help me....
I want to buy a smart phone within Rs13000.Having good camera,sound & software.Also it don't hang.good touch screen response.Pl.tell me which phone should i buy.
MERI MUMMY 70 YRS OLD,  EAR SE KUM SUNTI HAI.  USKA LIYA KOI ACCHA PHONE JO EASY HANDLING, OPERATING HO AND VOICE CALL AND RINGTONE LOUDLY HO.
Sir plz tell me which one best mobile and why

Micromax Canvas 4 A210

Gionee Dream D1

Micromax Canvas Magnus A117

Lenovo P780

spice fhd mi 525
I have purchased the Dell pro 8 tab.  Can we use our 2G or 3G sim with this tab?


Please explain and give in details.
Where can i buy those HTC Stereo headphones with flat cable here in Mumbai ? How much will it cost me ?
How i know that my request has been sent
I want to sell my samsung rex-80 and it is used for 7 months in kanpur .plz tell me what price i will get.
I have htc 1x unused purchasedin oct 13.i want to sell it what price should i quote for.mobile phone is packed as it comes from co.i have opened it to just check.market value is28,500 Please reply it
Hello,

Do you deliver phone to Latvia? If yes how much it would cost?
My mobile keyped blk its sp581hd,,,,plz help me
Hello sir/madam I want sell my samsung gt s6802 in Rs. 2000 includes Charger , memory card , Headphone and Charger. Sell in Mohali/Chandigarh. Will it be ? It is just a new piece ( By caring so and Laminated ) Purchased in May/June , 2012. Please Help me...
I want to sell my samsung gts6102 used for 9 months in pune what price i will get
I want to buy new phone. Can u pls tel which is best phn samsung s4 or canvas 4. I want best camera in it
I want to buy a new phone and I m confused between nokia lumia720, micromax canvas turbo and galaxy grand quottro...please help
I have xperia neo v. the phone shut down itself anow not turning on and charging completely dead. when i press volume + power and back+ power buttons. its not getting on. but when pressing back+power button the phone just starting but its again getting off. not turning on to reboot or recovery . some service centre peoples said its staring but hanging and getting off. there have any other option to turn on this phone ??
Dear sir/mam i want to buy a smartphone around Rs.30000 which phone is better from samsung galaxy s3,galaxy s4 and from note 2.
Best phone in range of Rs.5000-10000, plz suggest ?????
How to delete all my phone contacts in my sony ericssion w8 e161 android mobile
My samsung galaxy gt 19082 when connected to pc is asking for "turn to mass storage" but i don't have that option what to do
Hello, i have samsung galaxy grand duos GT19082. In my whatsup i am not able to open the image and vedio sent by other people to me. But when i am sending them image and vedio they can open it. I changed my mobile network from Airtel in India to Lyacamobile in Germany with Internet. Can you help me how to open the imgaes and vedio?? Whenever i am trying to open the image and vedio the message is Unable to open image/vedio. Please try again later.
Im looking for a phone in 9000rs. need a fast processor, simple us for mostly calling and clicking images, whatsapp frequently used, need atleast 4" screen size. please suggest from brands like NOKIA, SONY ericsson, SAMSUNG. will appreciate a decent response.

Thanks in advance
My budget is 17000 and confused between micromax canvas 4 or samsung galaxy grand quattro, for which should i go?? any other phone??
Which mobile is best for 9500 rupees?
Want to buy a smartphone range upto 20000 thinking of Sony Xperia C, SR, Gionee Elife E6, HTC one plus or any other mobile to consider please suggest
I want to buy galaxy grand for 9500rs which is a used one what are complaints to be checked while buying can I buy it
My phone is nokia E5, while using the nokia browser and opening youtube, for viewing video it is always telling unable to connect
Ihave samsung Galaxy Note i want to sell it on 19000
Dear mobile4sale.in,

ID no: 41012 I have been selling this item under Premium selling Since, i piad for this item 4 days back untill now dont get any approach of customers to my mobile


Hope, That you will help me out in this to sell my mobile as your first priority

Regards,

ID No: 41012
Please suggest android smartphone rs8000k
I want to buy a  mobile phone within Rs.10000. I am focusing on LENOVO A706 OR LENOVO S720 as these mobiles meets all required specification I need. are these phones worth to buy. Please Suggest
I have Samsung wave 533 gt-s5333

Recently I tried to flash my mobile but failed but now I can't even turn my mobile on.

I can't access Download mode too.

What should I do
Hi, How much i can expect for a iphone4 32GB 1.5 years old , power button not working.No other damage and phone is in mint condition with all unused accessories.
Hi,

how to change ringtone for micromax a74. pls help me.
Which phone is better between "Samsung Galaxy Young S6312" and "Lenovo A369i" ?

Or which android phone is better to buy within 6k ?
Which mobile handset is the best from following?>

1) Karbon A99

2) Micromax Canvas

3) xolo Q800
I want to but samsung galaxy s4 camera phone with 10x zoom.will it be a good buy
Samsung gelexy s-3 model 19300 iam bay jan now need money my price 16000 rs asscers chager yerphone
I wont sale my mobile urjantaly
I would like to know about xolo q700i
How to install apps in zen p32.a hard request,please send me some apps at email : ayushkumar.1996@rediffmail.com
Hi,i have htc mobile 1x 32gb inbuilt memory.Since bought never used.I want to sell it.what should i do to sell it?
Iwant to 4000 to 5000 minimum mobiles range phones
Hi, I have a Samsung S5230 mobile. I want to copy some built-in (system file on the internal memory) ringtones to my PC. I tried it with both Bluetooth and USB cable (with Samsung PC studio). They didn't work at all: somehow the phone prevents to copy the "system files": on the PC these files can't be opened, on the phone's browser the "send" option will be grayed if any "system sound" is selected. Copy works fine with "non-system sounds".

How can I access the "system files" of my Samsung S5230? Please help me.
Hello, I want to nuy a mobile within 20k with all the latest features (camera & battery backup are important). It'll be great if you can suggest something from xperia series, canvas series or lenovo...?
I have videocon mobile with 108kb phone memory I want to increase phone memory what I do ?
Sir i want buy an smartphone which one is good. android or windows. price range around 25000. please help me to find a mobile
Wanna sale my SONY XPERiA U smartphone, bought in March 2013. what can i expect??
Hi sir

i want micromax canvas magnus or gionee elife 3 or dream d1 which is best for internet browsing downloading installing apps and recording
Hi sir 

i want to buy a smartphone mobile under 8000 with the following features front camera

above 5 mp camera 

4.1 or 4.2 jelly bean

3 gp and wifi

document reader
Hi sir,

     i want to buy a mobile under 8000 range which can be use for more than a year and have all features like document reader, fast browsing, above 5 mp camera ,front camera, above 2gb internal storge
There are close to 3000 mobiles damaged/not functioning consisting of various brands and in various conditions,which can be basically used for spare parts/repairs etc,How do I sell them in the market for the best price for my company:)
A strange disturbing sound(click sound) comes again and again everytime when I speak to somebody on my xperia neo l phone. accordingly I have changed the receiver pba but still the problem persists. what may be the possible problem? please help.
Hii sir...am confused in 3 mobiles model to wich buy....lg g pro, note 2, nexus 5 ...wich better..? i want fast device and long battery backup
I want to set two ringtones for every SIM in Micromax Canvas HD. Please suggest me to set ringtone.
Hi I want to sell Samsung galaxy trend mobile just three days old anyone interesyed
Dear,sir.

my name is sanjay ,nd i wanted to buy a smart phn in the range of rs 9000, is nokia lumia 520 is the good choice or not ,,if not then pls suggest me the phone plzzz ....
I am using SAMSUNG GALAXY Grand duos,i have forgetting the pattern i use to open the phone after too many attempt to open it the phone locked.Any time i made an attempt to open it saying i should sign in with my Google account which i don't have.Kindly assist me on how to unlock the phone, i will be waiting for your imidiate reply.THANK YOU
How much you give me this mobile for sale?
I want I mobile which is Dual 2gand3g.

has great camera quality

large enough screen ..

jelly bean I am. confused whether to buy. only branded phones...or karbonn and lava will be also good...please give me options which one I should go for

and by. budget is 6500k

I know. at this price I cnt get everything ..but please suggest Me the best one...phablets also will be ok....reply soon
How do i get paid if i sell my mobile here?
Nexus 4 or Samasung S3
Hello & thank's to the site team who have concentrated one's confusion while buying or selling smart mobile phones.I would appreciate for the reply of my dilution.My brother who is in USA send me Htc 1x mobile which has been rescently updated 1x to latest software called jelly bean with android version 4.2.2 .I haven't unpacked it even it is in the condition as I recieved.Unfortunatly I purchased I phone 5s.I need to sell Htc mobile but still people are unknown to the updated version.They still think it has candy version.Awfully I couldn't  get the buyers.It costed me 21000 Indian rupees.What can I do to make it sell just on my p urchase cost ? I couldn't get the response I thought of where as Htc 1 having almost same features costs nearby 38 thousand Rs.Please guide me to make it sell.

Thank's
When i am find my mobile i want to know
Maine nokia lumia 800 ke liye savere email kiya jo ki gujrat ka hai price 7000 aur uske baare me mujhe koi jaankari nahi mili na hi phone dwara aur na hi email se mujhe please jaankari uplabdh karaiye please
I am buy a nokia lumia 800 from gujrat i want to know how many day ago i am find mobile how to payment
I wanna buy a mobile which has dual sim and good quality of camera.... it must be around Rs 20000...
I want to sell my iphone 3gs bought in 2011 november.

it is having following problems:

no usb cable

home button not working but having assistive touch button

problem with volume control coontroller buttons
Hi, i wanna buy a used Samsung phone wid good condition. Price around 3000 to 5000. By next month 15 below.
Hello,


I bought a mobile Samsung Galaxy Grand Duos I9082 in july,2013.

It has 2 years warranty from purchased date.

Recently, my mobile fell into water and got switched off.I didn't get any beep sound or something like that.

I took it to Service Center, they are saying that ICs got burnt.

They are also asking me to change screen with motherboard.However,replacing screen is not necessary.

My question is what is the next step I need to do?


If it costs 9000-10000, I cannot afford.

If i sell this mobile, what can be the price for it?

Need suggestions to take next step.

I bought it for Rs.21000 with extended warranty.

Please help me.
Hi, 

i am using xolo A800.my phone is working properly. but some times screen is going blank. i cant even switch off.i need to remove battery and if i switch on it will start work. kindly advise me why this problem occurs and provide solution for this...
I want to sell my new phone Samsung galaxy s4.

My mobile phone number is : 08724098441
Please give me information about Nokia 301-DualSim supports Whatsapp application?
I want to buy a smartphone and i finalize  Canvas 2+ or Canvas HD so please help me in get out of this.


Sushil

haryana 

9728212143
Plz suggest me which phone better to me from below  

Sony xperia z

Nokia Lumina 925

Lenovo k900
I want buy a mobile below 30000 plz suggest new
Is there any processing fee or service charge for selling mobile
Dear Sir,

I want to buy a tablet/smartphone (Android) within the budget of Rs. 6000 only. I am looking between Asus Memo Pad 172 (Tablet)/ Micromax P360(Tablet) /Micromax A63/Micromax A67 for gaming, videos and little web surfing. Please suggest the best option among those or please specify if any other option available within the budget. 


Kindly contact me on my email.

Thanks,
My nokia lumia 520 can i sell now @ 7000?
I want to buy phone but i'm confused in three phone please suggest me the best phone

iphone5s,htcone, sony xperia z1
Hello my self Ravi gupta

     i recently asked a question on cell phone n u suggested me samsung galaxy s duos which has latest features bt its has icecream sandwich os is it better than jelly bean os ???
Samsung Galaxy Note 2 N7100

 Nexus 4

 Lenovo K900

. Sony xperia z

Plz suggest me which is the best
I WANT TO BUY A CELLPHONE UNDER 15 THOUSAND WHICH HAS GREAT FEATURES ,GOOD BATTERY LIFE,and a value for money phone&,which can be trusted
I Own Nokia Model c5-03 in good working condition with original accssories,may i know resale value
HELLO SIR

I AM HAVING A BUDGET OF RS 7000/- TO BUY A NEW ANDROID PHONE SO PLS LET ME KNOW WHAT IS THE BEST ANDROID PHONE AVALIBALE IN THE MARKET ACCORDING TO YOU.

THANKS & REGARDS
Hi,

I am planning to buy the Nokia Lumia 720. I had a demo from an authorized retailer and i am deeply impressed by it's performance. But, what stops me from buying it is the user reviews that i had read on many websites. Many of the users complain of the device hanging up regularly after a week or two and also other issues regarding voice cancellation, frequent need to reeboot and so on. Some of the customer's who had bought from 'flipkart' also have the same issues. So, i am confused whether to buy it or not (I'd really love to have it). I do not require many apps/games in my phone. So, could you kindly provide me an advice. Are these negative reviews a myth or truth?
Dear Sir,


I have a question regarding smartphones. My job profile is completely onsite work where the possibility of phone being damaged is most.

Presently I am using a Nokia 603 and once a month on a average it falls down from heights  and disassembles but when joined back it works.

I am looking to a buy a new smartphone, kindly suggest some rough and tough smart phones?
I want to buy a dual sim smart phone around 20k which one is better sony xperia c or samsung s4 mini or any other
I want to buy a new cell phone around price of rs 12000 . so please let me know which cell phone i can buy which has latest n best featurs from samsung and nokia
Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 I9200

Samsung Galaxy Note 2 N7100

Nexus 4

Lenovo K900

plz suggest me best mobile from above list 

and want know the  is any price cutting in any mobile brand is going
Buying samsung note 2 is worth buying now..or which other phone should i buy..... my budget is around 30000 rs
Is there any problem in buying the phone of lave or carbon .. bcz I heard that these are china based companies .....
I have nokia500 15 month old in very good condition 

please tell me in how many rupee i get fot this mobile?
I wantd to buy a smartphone between 20000-27000.  but am confuse, in making da write decession. suggest me the best smartphone of ma bugget.
Is there very big issue between removable an non removable battery
Iwant buy lenovo k900 

but is any best phone then above

 i want complisy want to buy 5inch disply and above with high end features plz adivce me
The screen has been cracked but the touch is running good.

how much it costs to repair the screen
At what rate will be my cellphone sold & how will i get the money

of selling the mobile
Since discontinuation of Htc 1x  in India I purchased 3 new phones of Htc 1x.2 phones are in my use.I intend to sell htc1x costing 21000 in Indian rupees.Please advice me the steps to be taken for selling it at cost price of 21,000 Rs .
Me jo phone bech na chahati hoon apke form me jo entry karna tha ki wo sahi he ya nehi agar sahi he to kitne dino ke andar mere ko answar milegi ur uske baad kya karna hoga
Is it best phone under 25000 or nt if not than suggest me the best phone in that range plz reply me nw its urgent
I want to know if I will be able to run cdma in  India sim on HTC Trophy?
Hi.. i want to buy a smart phone under 7000 (+200 is okay). 

my requirement is  good camera, no need of 3g or dual sim (okay if they are present)

dont want to buy lenovo, lava, spice, celkon, karbon that sort of low quality mobiles

android or windows anything is okay....
Please give me answer am confuse about device
How muc cost can i sell this mobile
I want to purchase new mobile which one with dual sim in range of RS. 10000.00 to 15000.00 android.
Call on 9320588180
I wanna Buy NOKIA X5 01..But I wanna Use latest Apps Also Like-Whatsapp,Or Other Famous These days,I have A nokia Asha 305 also..Does Nokia x5 01 Supports All the Apps Which Nokia asha 305 Does??
I have used for 5 to 6 months and it in good condition from uae how much money can i get for this if i have to sell it
Hi sir '

i wanna purchase 10 to 13000 range mobile. but i realy confused that which one is better features in

=camera(frnt&rear)

=net speed

=music effect

=games

=android version

=touch screen& display

Please help me out..............
I want to buy latest android smartphone under rs 6500...with 3g,wifi and all the functions...which is best smart phone?...i am looking for samsung galaxy y(s5360) or samsung galaxy y plus or samsung star...what is your suggesation?...
Required PiN code
When I turn off the wi fi on my galaxy grand duos an E appears above it and I still get wi fi connection.
I want to buy a powerful smartphone which is fast,especially for

gaming.I like Lava Xolo play and canvas 4 but i don't know that

which phone is better for gaming .I have a budget around 15000rs

and not more than 20000rs.So please suggest me a powerful gaming phone...
Within how mny dys a mob will be sold aftr puttin ad?
Which one is better- micromax canvas doodle a111 or nokia lumia 520 or any other....i have a budget of around 10k?
My friend lost their phone, reported it, and got a replacement. About a week later, then found the old phone. Is it possible to unlock the old phone and use it on a different carrier?
Spice stellar glamour mi 436 has been launched in this month and I think that its a nice phone but what are the features in which it is lacking and its uniquenesses and the other mobile which has good features more than this mobile.
I want to delete my ad bt there is no option coming in my mobiles.. as per given in u help... kindly help me to delete my ad
I have several 2nd hand mobile phones I brought with me from Europe. I would like to sell them in Delhi, all together. They are very new but need to be unlocked to use local sim card. Where can I sell them all as a package (about 5 phones including Nokia, Samsung Galaxy, etc). Thank you!
I AM in urgent need of Used, Good Condition, Samsung gaxaly S3 Or S4 . 10 to 12 thousand . Please contact - 09935132020.
Give me review about Xperia UL
How to open new cccount this site
I want to buy a mobile upto 18000 what is good choice
I want to exchange my micromax canvas 2 mobile with samsung galaxy note 2 at the cheapest price i could get samsung galaxy note or if not possible with exchange then want to buy note 2 at the lowest price wherever in the world but the original one
I want a higher end mobile phone. Best features. Good camera. Good music.Fast processors. I have narrowed it down to LG Nexus 4 or HTC One or HTC Desire Z.. I would like to know which is better. Please help me. If there are any other better mobiles in this segment I would also like to know. Thank you.
Hello sir,

I'm using Sony Ericsson c905 mobile. The problem is my mobile functioning is totally wrong. Sometimes it's going to stuck. Now the buttons 4,6,0 and left side navigator buttons are not functioning. Sometimes the button 8 and Delete buttons function as volume navigators and the call button functioning as Call-end button. I think this is not keypad problem, because after somedays the problem will be clear. But now the problem is raised again. Please tell me what's the problem is. Show me the solution please sir. And the other problem is when the phone stucks then I've to remove the battery. For switch on the phone I've to connect the power cable to my mobile. 

Please help me sir. 

Thanking you sir.
I selling new samsung galaxy sduos i purchasing mobile just one month.
I want to buy new mobile and  budget  range is 18K - 20K. I have shortlisted Micromax Canvas 4 and Gionee Elife E5. Please let me know if there are better mobiles in this range.
If anyone want to buy my mobile , and i send item through shipping ...how can i received my money......
I want to buy a new mobile.I m in a confused which to buy.is Xperia l a good buy?
Hi Sir,

   I purchased the Swipe Fablet F1 in the month of Feb-2013. I hardly used it for 20 hours. I want to sell my mobile at what price i can sell my mobile please reply me on my mail indudhara_bhadra@yahoo.co.in
I want to buy a mobile from Lumia 520, 720 or samsung ace duos or samsung grand ...for which mobile i should go which will work smoothly no maintenance problem and will live long..please suggest..and which online purchase website is best pls tell me for booking...
Sir iam usingalcatela19 2.3 version canichange 4.0version

Which is better 8000Rs phone
Downloding error
This will be 

deepneogy@gmail.com  instead of deepneogy@gmaul.com
Plz help
I am confused with which phone to buy,

Micromax A 35 ninja

Or

iBall Andi 3.5i 


My budget is 3000 to 4000 rs
2G CDMA Sim (Tata etc.) work on a 3G CDMA enabled mobile or not
Total terms and conditions
I wanna buy Galaxy Grand Duos but after reading some reviews on some websites i got a bit confused because alot of reviews saying that grand duos hangs alot and it doesnt support apps like subway surfer pls tell me how true it is and what is the actual market price of it i am in hurry to buy it so pls tell me quickly so i could make up my mind to buy it or to not buy it?
MERA MOBILE NO. 9755216576 VARIFY KYON NAHI HO RAHA HAI MUJHE MERA SAMSUNG GT-B3410 MOBILE SELL KARNA HAI PLEASE REPLY FAST
Hello sir,I want to sell my Samsung Galaxy Ace Duos(GT-S6802)model as i am not able to use such top end phone.I bought it in the month of March 2013.I want to know how much will i get back.Thanks!!
Hi, im new here and im looking to buy a used iphone 5. Is this site similar to ebay where buyers can put their money without worry or fear of getting duped.  Does this site have something like paisapay as in ebay where a seller finally gets payment after an item sold by him is successful delivered to a buyer.
When will i know that my sell is sold or not
I m leaving for my hostel this week and phones are not allowed please help me..
Hello sir,I want to sell my Samsung Galaxy S Duos(G7562)model as iam not able to use such top end phone.I bought it in the month of March 2013.I want to know how much will i get back.Thanks!!
I want to sell Nokia N 900
Sir , 


             My name is Karanveer Singh and I want you to close my account ........ and my e-mail id is karanveer.veer55@gmail.com
I want to purchase a phone upto 20000 ... i am so confused about it...  i want a good picture quality of camera , should have good pic density....  quad core processor- capable tu run all applications without hanging  ... good look ... good battery........ i am confused btwn  samsung grand, micromax  canvas4 , and XOLO Q1000... plaese help me abt this
I want to buy a smartphone around 10000 it should be of good built in quality as i will use it 4 years but should be fun smartphone

1-Intex aqua i-5

2-Acer liquid E2

3- samsung galaxy express

4-lumia 520

5-xolo q700
I want a smartphone (android/windows) best in camera and gaming with minimum lags.. please suggest me as im damn confused between some of the models out sony xperia SP, Lumia 820, samsung SII plus or LG nexus 4.out of these 4 i find the camera quality of samsung and nokia is best..

is there any other phone is same segment in market or soon to be launched ??
Wanna sell an xperia u smartphone. bought in august 2012 at 16.8 k. how much can i expect?
I wantbto downlod excel or other application for using in office work
Can this be used in Gulf country for Net & net calling   any frequency matching problem come ? If come ,sugest an alternate make to buy from India in range 4000 to 5000 /- price, enabling net calling from abroad
Want to use in abroad also like NET CALLING card utilizing available connectivity.
Hi looking for Buyers Blackberry Mobile Phones USED - Approx 30 Numbers
Hello sir,

First THANK YOU for your gr8 advice and sorry to disturbing you again..

i want to ask you is their any other smartphone in the range of 10000 which is better than my choice...

if any plz reply.

and my another question is 

as u said galaxy express has not launched in india till yet but according to  internet articles and websites it was launched in march 2013 ...

i had seen it on many online mobile selling websites and according to them it cost rs 22000 but they are giving discounts and selling it at rs 11000 around eg- kaunsa .com 

Does it is safe to buy from these websites..

plz pull me out from this problem.....
The sim type normal or micro? & whether single or dual sim? for galaxy s3 mini
Hello sir,

I want to purchase a smartphone costing around 10000 rs plz suggest me the best in this range..

My choices are

1-lumia 520

2-samsung galaxy express i8730

3-xolo q700

4-acer liquid E2 duo

I want a reliable and a fun smartphone.
Internet browsing 2G & 3G possible?
I want a good camera smartphone with minimum lags and problems of getting slow down,lots of apps and games too.which one should i go for

note II or iphone5?
Want to sell my htc one x which is recently replaced its brand new how much do i get?tell me the price i can get i atleast want 24000
Hi 

I have a 1.5 year old Sony Xperia Ray in good condition with all accessories intact. How much price can i expect to get for it
I m not able to unlock my canvass hd
Handset MM Canvas HD.

Ringtone type : mp3
I want sell my phone 5233 in 4800rupees.
I am using Sony ericsson Xperia Neo V from 31st 2011 December. I want to sell the mobile for an amount of 13000... is that a good price to quote...?

 Any pls suggest or clarify as to how much it should be charges.


it is in good working condition with all accessories, with android 4.0.4 ICS firmware updated...
My samsung galaxy y duos young  Internal memory is170mb how to increse this
Hi,

I have iphone that is gifted from uk from my friend.So now i want to sell this iphone on your site.This iphone is in good condition.

So i can provide the accessories with iphone only.

So this site is right place for me please.

Thanks
Its a T-mobile phone , can it be used with indian Sims . can we use the factory unlocked phones in india
I have budget og 25000 rs  and I want to buy a android phone  don't matter which company ?? which phone should I buy???????????? tell me plsss??????
ST18I sony Experia Ray purchased in dec 2011 with all accessories & original bill having no damage & in very good condition with 4 GB card
Mea mobile kb tk bik jayega
Should i buy nexus 4 or shift to samsung s3 or htc one X PLUS. what is stock android experence & is it good to buy a pure android experience phon elike nexus 4 insted of HTC UI sense....
I want to buy a new cell phone around 10k . My main use is only music , netbrowsing , wats app nd nothing else . OS doesnt matter . Any other cell phone in d range .. Nd also which 1 should i go with , lyk i am sumabout brand concious , so i am prefering lumia over mm ..
How Much i can get if sell a Nokia C6-01 phoe in good condition
Let me know how is galaxy grand as a phone
Dear all,

I uploaded my advertisement on mobiles4sale.in long back. Now I wish to delete it. But all the advertisement shows is that the mobiles sold out and I am late. Is there an option to delete it, as the result appears on google search engine.
8 MP

4.8 inches (12.19 cms)

Android v4 (Ice Cream Sandwich)

1.4 GHz Quad Core Cortex-A9

Li-Ion, 2100 mAh


Pros


Excellent screen resolution. 

Very thin body. 

Good camera quality. 

Wide array of connectivity options. 

Upgraded softwares. 

Removable Battery.




Cons


Supports only micro sim. 


those who wish to buy we have many sets in stocks for more details contact us
Hi, please help me to get rid of this problem in my SONY XPERIA U. after i updated it to ICS 4.0.4 its vibration intensity & ring tone volume is very low, even i cant feel when its in my pocket and no notification tones. Vibration intensity of all xperia mobiles is same or only im facing this problem. please help me.
I  use screen lock. I change key board.so I can not reopen my phone. not screen lock open.how to do screen lock open.
I want to buy a new phone till 11-12k.in second hand also it will do.Suggest me sonne phones that i can get in that range.

I have LG-L5-E615 dual sim phone well maintained.I have buyied that phone in january what price i can get for that.?
How can i sell my tab thru dis site and receive payment
If receiving of incoming calls and out going calls speaker on must, if speaker not on, no voice
Relience CDMAsim and airtel GSM sim can use in samsung 19082
Looking for used/unused samsung cdma sch w259
I have the phone in january this year.i want to sell it .what price can i expect to get
Any problem or benfit of the mobile details..?pls
Suggest me different brands .
I am planning to buy my first Smartphone ever; I am quiet confused between Samsung galaxy Grand Duos and Micromax a116 HD. I have used both Samsung and Micromax as brand but not the smart phones. The experience with Micromax has been good in terms of performance, but one of them crashed when it was quiet new and the after sales support was pathetic. Please suggest which would be an intelligent decision and why?
I am planning to buy my first Smartphone ever; I am quiet confused between Samsung galaxy Grand Duos and Micromax a116 HD. I have used both Samsung and Micromax as brand but not the smart phones. The experience with Micromax has been good in terms of performance, but one of them crashed when it was quiet new and the after sales support was pathetic. Please suggest which would be an intelligent decision and why?
I want to buy mobile but confuse between sony xperia p and htc sensation xe. so plz help which phone is better between this two phone.
I want to know abt the performance of fly mobiles and battery reliability
I've Blackberry Curve 8530 Relinace CDMA phone

Can this Blackberry Reliance CDMA phone be used for Tata CDMA network...
I want to buy the same,but before that I just want to confirm,

Can I listen nonstop songs in a folder w/o making playlist,i.e. 

can I listen nonstop one after one w/o selecting next song every time ? 

pls. confirm
1.2 dual core
I want to sell my Samsung Galaxy S GT-I9003 phone. It was bought on 27 March 2012.Whats should be the price?
Wanted used nokia e61i mobile what price i have to pay
Used only for to months can I get rs 14000
WHILE I ADD, FOLLOWING MESSAGE IS COME. unfortunetly setting has stopped. How to add newly
I have my lg l9 mobile used for 2 months. now i want to sell it. howmany price i can get? plz reply. thankyou
I wanted nokia c6-01 motherboard  please provide me phone no. of any nokia dealer in jaipur
I am using Huawei U8150, its worth the money, it has nice snapper, with responsive touch, and cool androids apps.
I would like to sell my samsung galaxy note n7000 (note 1) phone only four months used in very good condition no problem with original bill to and all items with flipcover, it's full hd phone and I want to sell it because i want to buy galaxy note 2
I just want to when
I want to purchase Lenovo A690. Majority of websites selling this handset shows RAM of 512 MB & 512 MB internal memory. But when my friend purchased this handset, its shows internal memory only 150 MB. Can you please check & give me exact specification for this handset. If companies are claiming 512 MB internal memory, then why handset shows only 150 MB. Is it some kind of different terminology. Am I missing something?
HELLO SIR,PLEASE TELL ME I WANT SELL MY APPLE 4 32GB HOW MUCH RS.COME 1 YR OLD & WHICH PH I TAKE I AM INTERESTED IN SAMSUNG NOTE OR GRAND ..PLEASE SUGGEST ME....
Around 20 months old.Touch screen not working
I have purchased it on 9.2.13 and it is totally unused and have a 1 year manufacturing warranty card and all the accessories with it
Good procesor,nice resolution,and with  good ram
I have posted the add on your website
I want to sold it how much i would get it is 2

 month used
Hello sir,i purchased a karbonn A2 phone 2 days back,but it is not supporting all the network,i.e reliance,docomo..only vodafone is working,bt the former operators are having good networks in other mobiles.So i need your help how to overcome this problem???

waiting 4 ur reply...
I wish to av anoda good browsing phone, I want d expert to please teach me how to get gud phone at cheap rate
2 TO 3 MONTHS OLD. HOW MUCH SHOULD I PAY...AS THE MARKET PRICE IS 34500/- .KINDLY SUGGEST .
With all accessories,papers
Sir i want to buy aakash tab 2 student version , i dont have enough money to buy ipad or galaxy tab as i m a student of class x only and can u also tell me some shop i should buy as i dont have faith on online dealing.
Can you tell me what is the sold price of my lumia 510 only 2 month used handset
I luv fast processer,playing games,listening to music,big screen,nice touch,more battery backup,playing games etc..prefered brands r sony,samsung,htc
I has only 6 months used spice mi 280 android 3g video calling spicified phone I thing it goes uptown 4500
Is there any vaccancy posts in mobiles4sale ?
Videocon brand is not so popular in mobile sector. can i trust it buy  and count upon its after sales service? is its sales better than karbonn or micromax or its the same quality of service?

pls help me
Whis has 10 months remaing warrenty.

and it has full box.
I am planning to buy a mobile budget is around 8k so which mobile should i go should i trust micromax brand.but all my friends suggested me to go for samsung which one should i but pls help me
I am confused between celkon a95 pro  and karbonn a1+


i dont play games much i only use internet.....


which one shall i buy??
Sir, please help me.

I have shortlisted 5 mobile phones under my my budget of Rs.12000.

1. Iball Andi 4.5H

2. Micromax A110 Canvas 2

3. Xolo A700

4. Karbonn A21

5. Lenovo P700i


Sir my usage pattern will be like this - 

1. 2G internet activated the whole day. Dont like 3g services at all.

2. Playing Temple Run for 1 hours a day

3. Pro Active Whatsapp user

4. Calling is very Less almost to half an hour in 2 days.

5. Battery should atleast last a day comfortably.


Please help me with the query as soon as possible because i have sold my mobile and dont want to wait for next month to further confuse my self. 

Thanks

Taha S Udaipurwala
I WANT TO BUY KARBONN SMART TAB 8 SHOULD I BUY IT?
I want to remove the add which i ve put on the website?how do i delete it now?
I buy a some bbmobile and sometime after 

any problam creat a mobile phone who responcibal for mobile
As above
I have samsung galaxy note white colour with flip cover... IF u want then pls contact me on 9867068787
Sir, i want to buy nokia asha 311 but does nokia asha 311 mobile supported youtube videos,which one mobiles support youtube videos in nokia new mobiles less than 8000/-.
I have posted a selling ad,when do i get the reply
How can i delete my account from this site
What price should be given for used galaxy y
Blackberry 10 L-Series
In speed,in touch,in life
Can we rely on these brands and do they give full customer support after buying their products.


Actually i have short listed 3 phones

1. Micromax A110 Canvas 2

2. Karbonn A21

3. Karbonn A9+


which is  the best phone in these and can you provide me with the reviews of respective mobiles.

Thank you
Same
I want nokia e52 used hendset
I bought the phone in march 2012 and everything is in brand new condition..
Contact 8058727727 with information of phone
Need used mobile
Best android with good & fast internet speed with 3g big screen in compare samsung nokia and sony.
Want a samsung ace 2 is it good
We want airtyme torried at low cost in kanpur and give address
I am having a budget of rs 13000-14000

which phone should i buy
Y WANA BUY A MOBILE BELLOW 200
Blackberry curve 8520 from delhi to lucknow
What is the name of shop in kannur for 2nd hand phones
Any brand will do
I WANTED TO BUY AAKASH TABLET OF RS 1130  

BUT THERE NO WEBSITE TO BUY IT.I AM EAGERLY WAITING FOR THIS.
I want standard mobile
Where i can get it plz
Will u sell iphone in rs 8000
Want to use whatsup.application, like to see my cctv footage,making the detail list  of 1000 items with photo.cost price,party name ,like to do put design of product on any sight for sale,etc. tab samsung series,or any other reasonable price co. mobile. please suggest me.samsung s duos or tab of which company
Sir my phone's on n off button is not working n my battery is not in good condition i dont know what to do n i wanna sell this phone   this phone is samsung galxy fit only 1 year old 

how much can i see this phone for?????///

please reply fast sir
I have nokia n97 mobile i want to sale urgently price of 5000 or exchange any samsung android handset i also given advertisement on mobile4sale.com
Olx.in/i-want-to-sell-my-samsung-galaxy-tab-for-just-rs-2500-only-hurry-as-posible-iid-456834668
I sell my micromax a-70 / what it's price.
How i pale my mobile urgently how can?
Nokia n 96 is in which coundition its open fr repair  are not repair if this on good coundition i can buy but u know very well this is now old model so its value in my lookout witin 4000rs if u want sale me so contact me 9977220088
6000 ma devo hoi to call me 9898191870
I am intrested to buy a apple iphone 4,while referring the specification i found that the following

front camera is VGA, 480p@30fps, videocalling over Wi-Fi only.will u please explain
If i send my mobile for disposal 

how to ensure the payment realisation
Price of nokia lumia 820
Dear sir today i have registered my account and i kept my samsung tab mobile for sell. how much time will take to sell my tab
I want purchase samsung galaxy s4 secound hand with good condition on resaneble price?my cont nos is 9977220088
How to make factory reset on Samsung Galaxy S3?
Anybody buy my phone please contact me
Used mobile
I have just purchased a window phone(lumia 510) but i am not liking it ..,.,.could you plz help me finding  good or plz tell me  the way to sell this phone
Nokia 6700classic model
My budget is 10 grand n im looking for good android fone within this buget ..not brand specific but the fone should be worthy.pl suggest
Hey i wanna know the price of the cell phone
No inform my mobil phone is sell or not sell
Charge is nt standing 3 hour
I want to sell my mobile phone with bill and box of accesories purchase date august 2010
I want iphone 3gs mobile plz .
The phone is just 1 month old and has all the accessories without used
I want to buy this sleek and stylish phone as early as possible.
Sony ericsson w350 at price rate of 1500 wirh good condition
Expected 1500 to 2000 Rs
I am just confused whether i should sell my Nokia E51 or not?


Please help me out...
Im now using android mobile but i want i phone
About mobile and rs...
Sir can i knw that for how much Rs i can sell my galaxy sl which is in mint condition only 1 yr used

black colour
Sir I bought this samsung galaxy pocket 4 months earlier.

I am a F.Y Engg. student and In no Time I got bored wid my Phone. I am thinking of getting a new android phone with more facilities. My phone has good ones. The basic functions are best (Call, SMS, MMS, 3G, Wi-Fi, Internal Storage) but u see I want more (like Hot-mail, newer processor like Scorpion/Tegra, rooting it to have UBUNTU installed, larger RAM, HD Videos Playback, etc). So should I really sell my mobile or still wait for a month or two ????

Pls Help me out....
Nokia samsung in 3000 to 4000
I want to buy nokia asha305 mobile at 1000 rupees
Good Quaerty CDMA phone with fast email services. should be a good business phone. budget-15k
I want nokia supernova 7210 in gadag plz any one have then plz contact me
Used samsung galaxy note price under 4 months warranty
E5 nokia brand
My budget is 10000/11000
Are there any documents that one must get from the other party when buying out a mobile phone form another (unknown) person ? - to prevent any nasty surprises later on ?
I am a student and plan to work with sensors + internet.

Any suggestions as to which one I can go for?

Buy a new mobile or an old one?

Thanks
Oly in samsung or blackberry
HOW MUCH RUPEES FOR SECOND HAND SAMSUNG GALAXY Y ????
Secon hand i phon 5
Want to buy
Please send details of second hand (Old) mobile phones as I am interested to buy two sets.
I want to sell my HTC one v, its about 4 months old. All the accessories, warranty, box is available. No scratch on my phone. In perfect working condition.
Nokia 6500 slider
I have samsung sgh series mobile & one chinese mobile. I want to sell both of them to buy a new mobile .Can i sell them??I bought botrh of them in Rs.12000.

Both are not in working condition.
With 4G facility, with wi-fi.
Will any one purchsed the product??
1-24-46 venkatapuram last bus stop alwal secundarabad
(1) If I buy an iphone in USA(unlocked version), is it in any way different to what we get in India? 

(2) If I buy a locked iphone in USA, can use it in India by unlocking it? How to unlock and what are the disadvantages?
Box pack containing data cable.ear phone.charger.software cd


phone has a price near 6000 in market........ have 3g,wifi,gprs,qwerty keypad with trackpad............java os and can minimise applications
Please tell me which one has maximum battery back up?
Nokia c5 -03
Blue colour
Esa phon jisme tata cdma ki sim chale, blackberry
Samsung b 5722 in good condition duel sim, 3.2mega pixel camera, led flesh.
My mobile no is 9949893237, 6/1 arundalpet, guntur.
Nokia n 73 with 3.2 mp camera with flash and a digital front camera
SAMSUNG GT B7510
Price and date of launching
Android
It should range about rs.1000-1500
Fast internet

prefered brand - nokia

charming looks
Hey guys, i am jack. want to buy a phone under 16k.

should i go for lumia 710 or xperia pro..?

or can u suggest me something else..

pls suggest me.
I yr used phone,headset,charger and a box without bill
Get hanged
Nokia 5233 with half month warranty
I want 2nd hand iphone4S price now.
Can i get Second hand sansung Galaxy Note
I need money
My cell themes was not work
Pls help me. I'm in a great dilemma!

Which is the best display in the world?

Apple iPhone 5's retina display or Samsung Galaxy S3's AMOLED?

reply me as soon as possible
Samsung gt c3303
I want to know how to sell my used mobile through mobile4sale.in site in details................
I don't have MS-Excel and MS-WORD on my Galaxy Tab2 GT-P3100 and for that i cannot work on Word or Excel on my device. Please advise me how to get these on my device.
Iphone 4s 16GB Black locked with vodafone UK
..
Sir i want to sale my nokia 808 bought in august. want to sale it urgently need money so how much i can get?? i hav bought it in 32000rs. pls help
Fa camera,internal memory,touch screen,big display,fast processor
What is procedure
B'coz i want this type of mobile upto 10,000/-Rs.
I want to sell my mobile at better price
Nokia c6-00 price
It is in average condition and with remote head phone controller.
I dnt knw
Can we play video on TV/LED monitors using HDMI / DLNA from this phone?
I dnt knw
I m looking for new android phone within 15000 Rs. What about Samsung Galaxy S Duos? Is it good phone?
How long to tak time for seal
I want to sell a sony ericsson xperia play, with a damaged flex cable. What should be the selling price of such a handset?
Price - 15K
1 year old Samsung Wave II. At what price should i sell the mobile.
Hello sir, i want to buy Samsung Andoid cell
PRABHU
Within 20000
Price in india,v/s samsung?
I want to buy 100 iphones so can u give me that dealer's no. bcoz i tried to contact many iphone dealers but all were fake.
Hussain bin farzullah hyderabad phone nuber 880145371
Qwerty keypad.bluetooth,Wi-Fi,5 megapixel camera
Dell streak
I have white color iphone 4s 16 gb which i bought for 37.5k from a dealer on ebay who got imported unlock unit from UK. The dealer has given 1 year global warranty . i bought this in mar'12 and now want to sell it . What is ideal selling price
Require latest feature mobile witha a lowest budget so suggest me
Only a line on screen otherwise in good condition.
HTC 8S Windows phone
Surya Prakash.

8986641996
Sim cant different
What should be the price of samsung  corby pro GT-B5310
Manishjajoria@gmail.com
Which model,range is 8000-15000,Can u send the details?
Sir i want to dual sim mobile  one is cdma  and one is gsm .pls tell me below 5000 .

thanks
Plz advice
Can you insert a sim?or can you use a usb dongle?
I WILL SELL MY sony ericssion  MOBILE &ALSO I WILL GIVE BILL &BOX
Price details
I wanted to sell nokia n70 music edition purchased on january 2008...the mobile condition is good and dont have any scraches..it is not used regurarly..
I want to sell my nokia asha 305 and how cant get my sell the phone
Nokia or samsung
Nokia or samsung....?
Hello!!Please help me to dell my Carlvo Ken Xin Da M1?
Want to sell nokia 5233 used for over a year .. touch pad needs to get repaired which will cost around Rs 500.
It is in good working condition
2010 Model

All Original Accessories

New Original Nokia Body & Screen (Just replaced 2 weeks back, so look like it has been bought last month)

Fully Updated softwares/firmware

8 GB Card Included

New Nokia Original Battery replaced last month
Selling the phone with all the accessories
What should I get for old nokia C2-02
How can i get the delivery of the phone which i shop online through ur site ??
Is it still available.

wat is the price.?
The cheap rate i cam get a touch screen of samsung?
Raj from gwalior
Phone-1 Nokia 6300, not used extensively, looks bit used due to wear and tear, working well and fine with zero percent defect.

Phone-2 Beetel GD570- White Colour, Sexy Looking phone, hardly used it even for calling and all,but yes used it for a week for listening to songs, a fresh phone.
It Should be: Android smart phone, touch n type both, user friendly, I can see online videos n movies, listen wireless FM songs, Watch TV on it.2 mp camera at least, read & send Emails.
Hello sir i want used motorola e8 please contact me
My mobile LG OPTIMUS L3 MODEL NO LG-E-400 is in good contions without any screach,its look like new. accessories is also in good condition with cover. I purchase on month of august 2012,with warranty 1 year.
Sony Ericcson w580i 2 yrs old with good condition
1 year old in new condition rhould i have to sell it or not
I have a Lg Optimus L7 p-705 which is only one month old and is in excellent condition. I have all the accessories and a cover for the phone. I want to know, for how much should I sell this phone. I brought it for INR 17,000. You can check the specs of the device @gsmarena. gsmarena.com/lg_optimus_l7_p700-4565.php Please do reply soon. I am in need for some money thats why I am selling this phone. Please reply soon. Thanks!
Hello Sir.

I want to have a budget smartphone and have chosen Micromax A100,Micromax A90 Motorola Defy and Samsung Ace Duos.I want the phone to be efficient for standard day to day usage with good multimedia features,good resolution,and HD video playback capability. Which one shall i go for?? - Aashu
I prefer a low budget one . can u plz provide me the deatils
(Dual SIM card, Resistive Touch Screen)

             Nokia LOGO 7.6mm super slim

Quadband GSM/GPRS: 850/900/1800/1900MHz

3.6 inch TFT LCD with touch screen, WQVGA PX:240*400

FM radio

G-sensor

Dual SIM design, Dual cameras

3.5mm stereo audio jack

MP3/MP4 Player

 	 OS 	 MTK linux kernel with MeeGo UI

 Application 	 Support JAVA apps and games

 Office Apps 	 Support txt e-book reader

 HardWare 	 Platform 	 MTK MT6253 CPU

 Memory Card 	 Support TF card extend up to 16GB max

 Sensor 	 Accelerometer, G-sensor

 Screen 	 Specification 	 3.6 inch TFT LCD, WQVGA, 240*400 Pixels, L:W=16:9

 Touch Screen 	 Resistive touch screen

 Data

 Transmission 	 GPRS 	 Class 12 (4+1/3+2 slots), 32 - 48 kbps

 BlueTooth 	 Yes, V2.1, A2DP

 USB 	 Yes, V2.0, Pop-Port

 Series Port 	 Yes, suppory SYNC with PC

 Audio 	 MP3,AAC,ARM,MID,WAV,M4A etc

 Video 	 Support WQVGA 3GP,MP4 etc

 Picture 	 Support JPG,TIF,BMP,PNG,GIF format picture
I want android feature device
My blackberry mobile should be moturise..so that why its display shown white so how can check or repair that display. .. because i try another display but its cant be work. .so please need to help to change or repair.. i want to know buy online purchase detailto part of blackbery parts in cheap rate. .pls contact me on 9624270003
The phone colour is silver and in good working conditions it is dual gsm sim mobile
I want cdma + gsm mobile phone with good working condition.

please contact to my number 9299999214
With not in working cnditions
Nokia n8 in white colour
Nokia N96 my contact no. 9454884900  &  9411473210
Indore mp buyer
Bluetooth ,mp4 playerm, mp3 player , camera 3.2 mega pixel, body white
Noki c3-01 silver model with good condition just 1.5 year old
Dinesh goyal

9541031608
Dinesh goyal

9541031608
Iam a poor family in tamilnadu i want a mobile with all facilities pls help me
If anyone have call me or message me

+91-7416801279
9979053500
I want to sell my used Samsung Wave S5333 (Slider with QWERTY Keyboard) brought date August 2011. Phone is in good condition with scratch gurad on it

I have all accesories (Box, Charger, USB Cable, headphones).
When
I have samsung star3 duos mobile purchased at june2012.there is damagae or scratch in my mobile..
Dual sim

3 MP WITH FLESH
Dear sir,

           please tell me scope of mobile phones.
Galaxy y r galaxy pocke which 1
Mail it.....
Motorola xt 502 digitizer and Motorola xt720 LCD required
Dual Sim, 2 mp, 3g,speed net connectivity via Bluetooth or data cable to PC, customer service brand,below 7000/-
Brand new samsung galaxy s3 only in 20000 rs that true or phake...
What is cost iphone3
I want buying  sakend hand mobile
Samsung duos y 6102
Hello can you sell your iphone 3gs mobile 9500 /- so call me and send me IMEI number for this number 9922277149
Nokia500 phone set, 2back covers, charger, headset
Videocon V1805 mobile with excellent condition.Only 2weeks used.The phone has lots of features 8MP camera with LED Flash,Face Detection,Smile Shutter.Facebook,Ebuddy,Skype,Snaptu etc.Internet through Opera & Skype.Dual SIM,Loud voice,Java Applications ,Games ,FM,Recording,270degree wide panoramic shot.Buyed for Rs/-5500. Selling due to interest in Another Mobile.I want to sell it immediately.
Plz reply
No other accessories 2010 model??
I want to sell my samsung galaxy y PRO duos which is a touch, qwerty, android, front camera and a track ball having phone
I M GOING TO PURCHASE NOKIA 5800, IS IT COMFORTABLE FOR VEDIO CALLING???????PLZ SUGGEST ME.
Mobile
Want to buy a iphone 4s or samsung note ....

bt the phone should be in excellent condition wth scratchless screen and with bill under warranty period .

i can pay upto 22000 for these phones....

if anyone interested in selling please mail or contact me..

nly interested sellers..
I want sthat mobil.if u hav then mail to me urgent
I am from meerut.
Actually i want to buy wifi,3g inabled phone which range between 5000 to 7 thousand
Used, good condition
I need to sell brand new apple iphone4s (16gb) which is not opened and not used at all.how much can i expect price for that.thankyou.
Very good condn mobile
Nokia 5235 touch screen good condition
2gb memory card , data cable
What is the cheapest price for Samsung Nexus?


I am planning to buy one.
I spend in between 10 to 15 thousand rupee which is best mobile phone
Sir, i want an android mobile any new or used but in good condition not much used and with all accessories box and bill, which mobile you prefer to buy below 4000Inr.
I  see a mobile here.i want to buy it.how can i buy from here ?
Hi plz help me 

i m buy second hand good condition nokian 9500 communicator
I will take any second hand mobile phones ..
1 year old Galaxy ACE,selling for upgrading to a higher end phone.

How much price can I expect ...
Used adroied phone of any company
Samsung Nexus prime
Want urgent
Condition is that available in good condition & all documents is available with accessories.
@bought in november 2011.wih charger and headphones @ 4gb memory card

,colour black
Rs.30000
@ Bought in June 2010

@ With Charger (Purchased 3 Months Before) & Headphones

@ 8 Gb Memory Card

@ Color Black
Condition is as tipme of purchasing , accessories is available in good condition & all documents is available .
Corby 2 mobile  in good condition
I want to buyyy
I need a used mobile under Rs. 10000, in good condition. What would be my best options for this budget?
One month used excellent condition with box and 11 months warranty
I want to sell my mobile at rupees in between 4250-4750
Have a appl iphone 4s used mobile for sale? how much price and more information...
Android
To Sell my blackberry8820
Micromax x222
How can i show posted ads
How can i get money for buying my phone with anthor person
Wave ll s8530
My email id is sahil.kaul04@gmail.com
It looks like a new mobile.
I want to buy this phone.
Plz help me
P.k.r layout,

 4th street,

perichipalayam,

tirupur-641608

ph no-7373857766
Its a nokia mobile
I want to buy a new iPhone? From where can i get the best and cheap price for the iPhone? And what is the normal market value of Apple Phone. Please help. Give me address of some shops.
LOADED WITH MARATHON BATTERY OF 1800mAh

6.1CM LARGE QVGA SCREEN

DUAL SIM DUAL STAND BY

1.3 MEGAPIXEL CAMERA

POWERFUL LED TORCH

AUDIO AND VIDEO PLAYER

BLUETOOTH

GPRS/WAP

USB SUPPORT FOR MASS STORAGE

STEREO SOUND

EXPANDABLE MEMORY UPTO 4GB

FM RADIO

3.5 MM AUDIO JACK

CALL RECORDING
Did you find any buyer for my mobile phone yet? Please inform me ASAP.

SARIPALLE,NARSAPURAM MANDAL,WEST GODAVARI DISTRICT
SARIPALLE,NARSAPURAM MANDAL,WEST GODAVARI DISTRICT
SARIPALLE,NARSAPURAM MANDAL,WEST GODAVARI DISTRICT
Plz mail ur answer on palashpitalia@gmail.com
Now i would like to sell my mobile. please help me..
I use to connect my pc
I buy a new mobile so please buy my phone.
What are the problems of unlocked mobiles...can you mention a place to buy one in India by paying cash.pLEASE HELP ME SIR.


Thanks
Micromax x222
32 gb n97
Sir,

my nokia-n8 missed

what could i do

please advice me
M anil 4m tpg
I sell my mobile

Nokia 5800
Details about c6
9665546984 ye mobile ka number abhi dusare admi ke nam per hai? pahle uttam nikam ke nam per tha?
Samsung guru is the number 9665546984
Whether it's written in no or alphabetic
Can someone please advise me where to buy the Nokia 9300i communicator
Designing a website
Hi Alina i wana buy ur cell bt da prblm is m frm Nagpur n ur frm Mumbai. Hw we deal? Sanjeev
Wats d selling price of 6070 2007 model
I wana buy ur cell bt m frm Nagpur. Wat bt transaction of money n mobile bet'n us?


1 yr old nokia c3-01 touch n type selling price???
Like fb yahoo nimbuzz live tv fm etc.
Change the email id
Soon u reply my que
I depend on this site to sell my mobile.Please tell me some tips-how can I have to sell my mobile and when my mobile can be sold out?
I want sell my mobile which name is Spice QT60,can someone buy my mobile phone?This phone feature loaded mobile phone with a qwerty keypad and a 5 navigated track ball.It supported java games and apps.I need some money,so please someone buy my mobile.
Is my mobile can be sold out or not?Please tell me,I am wating
Nisha.0211@gmail.com
Supose,someone want to buy my mobile phone so I have to go to his door or he comes?
I type my mobile number and then there written that-the mobile number number id not faund.
Nokia 2730


NOKIA LUMIA 800,
Wanna buy used genuine samsung galaxy s2 with warranty period left, no signs of wear n tear,not refurbished ,price beloy Rs.17,000 from any interested seller

Nokia express music


Nokia 6120 classic
Whr did i buy this mobile..
Hi,

M sanjeev 4m Nagpur n m intrst'd in buy'n c 6. Bt wat bt money transaction? Cal me on 09923355225.

Cabn you let me know where i vil get second hand mobile at good rate and cost?how to check second hand mobile condition ?thankyou
I want mobile with good camera first criteria and other features,the first preference is nokia and then samsung and other.my budget is 2000-4000 plz give me suggestion which phone i should  buy?

Model 2007
August 2010 make Og BB curve 9300

Dell, samsung,

Kindly call me if you have the LG :- 235 Reliance Mobile New or 2nd hand My mobile no 9833106611
Narayana swami
Phone i bought is just a week oked used two days. galaxy ace duos




Maroti 800
SLIDE& PEN TABLET
LOOKING FOR CAR OR SCOOETR FOR 3 MEMBER FAMILY AT MUMBAI CITY DRIVE ONLY WITH CHEAP RATE.
Its brand new phone not even used once and got it as a gift from united colors of benetton, there is benetton logo at back of phone and its welcome screen is also united colors of benetton.

The mrp of product states its of rs 3999.

how much i shoud further sell it out??


I'm going to buy Second hand Nokia 700, pls, how is mobile for use? & suggest the best prize 4 it.
What is the performance
I want to sell my Dell Venue and buy HTC One V
I'm looking to sell the phone so I need a price quote

What is the price of apple ipod 8gb?

Wanted mobile phone
I have only  100 rs



Samsung i8910hd
I8910 hd which price to i buy

Nokia E71

working fine

purchased in 2009
I am using a brand new Sony Ericsson Arc S for last three months. It don't have any faults and it's not even fall from my hand. But now as the news about S3 is around I wish to buy that. So how much I can expect for my current phone
Tell me frm were to buy online at cheaprate bt the mobile shld be original n its gud mobile or suggest me a gud phone in budget of 15000
Price is very high w.r.t. present mobile market rates. How much old the phone is ? Are you having bill / can you give bill ? What is the last expected price ? Plz reply immediately
3months old nokia c2-06

very less used new like

with bill, box and all accessories

bill of rs 5200
3months old

very less used new like

with bill, box and all accessories

bill of rs 5200



Micromax A70

make-2011

purchase date- oct 2011

i have data cable, charger, headphone along wid the cell. i also have bill.
1 YEAR OLD

UPDATED SOFTWARE

TILL NOW NO PROBLEM

Its 2 months old
I m intrested in buying this tab give me a call @ 9810984919/amit

Is this HP HP Pre 3 4G a brand new packed in box unlocked phone??


I want nokia n79 mobile if sell any one plz call me cell:9894557551

Sudeep.

sharmasude@gmail.com

8108610004
Hero Honda splendor2009 model 67546 no, 20000 rs.


Hi, I want to sell my nokia n8 nov 2010 model in good condition with insurance till nov 2012.

what will be price of sale.
Cont. me 9461818165

Shimoga (city) from t.b circle honnali"
Sell it please



Motorola v3 camera is not working ,wap,gprs,java,own memory,audio player,video player
Vellore

5mp camera

hd games and recording

runs on latest android os


I don' t want the galaxy y.what would you recommend?how about the Sony ericson w8?

Anant

SONY ERICSSON ASPON M1I MODEL 2011 JAN

ph 9901461220


Camera 2 mp smart phone or touch screen upto 5000
Cost


I want to buy a phone for 10000rs.with3g&front camera in nokia or samsung.pls suggets me good phone

No blackberry please....

I live in sri ganganaga r rajshtna




My Bast Mobile Samsung Galaxy S2
I want to buy Akash, the tablet which is launched by Govt.of India.
I want a samsung omnia HD anybody want to sale your mobile plse condact me my no.8089782238
GT-C3752

If so it has got many limitations. I went through the manuals. As such I can pay Rs. 3000/- if found ok and along with original  bill  box accessories  etc. Contact if willing.

My mobile celkon c66i 

how to download mobile games and sofware.

plz tell how to download.....
Sai darshan nagar labhandi near treasure iland mall


This is an unlocked phone running fine. Has lots of paid software. Mint condition wit flip case also.


Whether all the functions are properly working.How much  is the accuracy of altimeter. is there any scratches on the body?
How to Remove USB Drive Write Protection?
Spice qt 58mini colour-white qwerty keypad track pad gprs wap bluetooth 8gb expendable memory etc.1.3mp camera dual speaker 2 inches screen dual sim java 2g



Plz call me sir 9878832000
Can i get a 3G mobile below Rs.5000/-


G five


C2 02

Nokia n73 second hand phone
We sell big quantities of used mobiles and want to give you some offers.

Bst rgds


Uwe Glasner

Please send me details about getting a Nokia Mobile 6681
Online money transaction possible by this mobile?
It is same as new...no scratch on body.

All assessories new..

I have used it for only 1 month.

The bill month is 10/2011.

I have box every thing no scratch ..

How much can I get.

Current price is 33000 something...
Ganapathy 9443467144

7/8/09 year mb.good condition
My budjet is 2500-3000
I have an nokia C6 phone which is one year old problem with the phone is that touch screen is not wrking and now i want to sell it and it has qwerty keypad also

Internet

bluetooth

above 2 mp cam

dual sim optional

range in b/w 1500-3000

I want it
16 GB WiFi Apple i-Pad 2

Nokia5233..8months old for 35oo
Pls call i need celI
Plz provide me it complete details
Used for 1 month and selling price is 8300.. with 3.2MP an other features
Many new models of htc mobiles are not in buy/sell section
plz update so that users don't need to go to other websites.
Hi team, 

just a suggestion

year selection should be a range not a single year


Amit
Sir ek phone chaiye  jisme auto call rcodig or folder lock ka system ho or folder rename ka option ho price range 3000 tak ho
8050551873


Kindly send dtl
June 2010 set,

 good conditionwith full pack
Hi,

i am interested to buy, 

i would like to know it is original Nokia...? and total condition of the phone and it is GSM or CDMA ....???

Please could you send me actual picture of the phone please...?

what accessories include with Nokia E71 mobile...???

And reply with your last selling price...


Thanks
Hi,

i am interested to buy, 

i would like to know which model of blackberry and total condition of the phone and it is GSM or CDMA ....???

And reply with your last selling price...


Thanks
AJ

Bapusona@gmail.com
Hey i want to buy a smartphone in range of 10,000 to 17,000rs and i am confused between blackberry bold 3/nokia E6/nokia E7


It should be in good condition.
I saw your post and i am interested in buying it.Also let me know if it is still available and the final price you will collect for it.waiting for your reply

Thanks
Abot icon g5 mobile and its price..
Nokia 5233

Hey Guys! Wish to sell my 5 month old HTC Desire S as I wanna buy Sony Xperia Neo V, as i find it perfect for me.


The phone works on Android Version 2.3.3..The panel is Metallic blue in colour. The phone has not been used without a screenguard. No scratches on the screen. All the box accessories are there.
Hey Guys! Wish to sell my 5 month old HTC Desire S as I wanna buy Sony Xperia Neo V, as i find it perfect for me.


The phone works on Android Version 2.3.3..The panel is Metallic blue in colour. The phone has not been used without a screenguard. No scratches on the screen. All the box accessories are there.. i had got it for Rs:22800/-
Plz reply me earliest
I want to know the price of Nokia Asha mobile phone.
I want 2 sell my mobile and want to buy new touch screen
Reply to my email its better my nokia is in superb condition i had brought my mobile for 11900rs
I Want to delete my account..
It come new in 6200 nd i want 5500

I wnt to delete my acoount.................
I want to take a blackberry mobile . But some one told me its internet service is different from other mobiles . i need to know more about that . i mean about the 3g and 2g rates (approx) and also methods to get internet service in tata docomo sim .


If u know any thing about that then pls help me.
I want to sale my mobile & want to reply him abt it
Sir i am buying a mobile in jan 2009 i want to sell it now ,please ask whats the price of my mobile
HOW TO.. ADVISE

What is the price of 1 year old se w995.though i have no bill,original earphone but can give nokia earphone.else everything.
I have a micromax Q3.

11 months old. Wat would be the selling price now incase i wish...

I phone 4

like brand new
Samsung

Model no.-GT-I5503

Buy on-Jun 2011

Color-Black
I've sold my product, so i want to delete the ad, how to do it





I want to  buy nokia n8

Date of buying - may 2008

Colour - black

Condition - good, with original accessories and update softwares

Which is the best option for n8
Sony ericsson-c-903

cybershot- 5mp
I have n8 i bought it few days before and i want to  sell it but where i will get the money ?

7276378552

Nokia 1650 fm radio colour mobile bought on 8 nov.2008
Nokia N95-1
