.

modi has new issue swach jal pahunchao abhiyan
modi is best pm of india
  marhaba modi.  lion roaring soon...

first pics of stage and seating arrangements.

 details
  now why wud you want 100 fdi in rubber amp coffee plantations   
  kejri amp aaptards  mourning demise of !
shattered amp bruised they will overcome  frustration by abusing modi amp bh
crowd chanting modi!
electrifying atmosphere aka madison sq!
street goon sardesai cant distract  fun

details
  70 thousand people are craving to hear  in islamic nation. congi retards told who knows namo outside guj
detailst
   amp  in one pic. narendra modi will change the regressive india  am confident. details
  just  modi gave solemn assurance these orop guys are escalating the situation.. if like congis he had bluntly said no..
  since yesterday  have been thinking and feeling ashamed that it took 34 years for an indian pm to come here  pm modi 
  in gujarat modi had promissed 50 lakh houses in 5years. only 6000 houses were built till the end of  years. 
  marhaba modi. lion will be roaring soon.

bumper to bumper traffic to venue
 details
     modi doesn need us. we need modi to restore indias lost pride due to to congis dynasty
  imagine tweets of narendra modi  years back if indians were dying in cross border firing and mms was going on foreign trips cl
newly added modi woos uae with  trillion investments details
  crowd chanting  ! electrifying atmosphere 
   details
  pm modi on mission dawood in uae.we never heard of such mission in last decade while dawood always existed.now critics kn
modi is best the pm
  in  joint statement rajdeep amp sagarika clarified that it was bad food amp not the modi visit to  mosque in uae that caused 
  thats   said dont outrage so early. clearly designed controversy lutyens media when modi is on  successful visit to uae amp
  we have already split. there is  strong lobby  arun jaitley from two women in twitter. confused modi bhakts are mostly 
  marhaba modi.  lion roaring soon...

first pics of stage and seating arrangements.

 details
  aap delhi govt says modi ji secratly wanted keajari govt  come ib...
  people cheering  while waiting in lines    details
pm modi offers  trillion investment opportunity to uae  see more at details details
  land for temple was already donated in 2013. looks like modi tried to fool the people yet again.!!  details
dear  please tell  you get back what you give.   details
  rightly put!  details
 offers trillion investment opportunity to    details good play! defense 
  first groups of people to arrive for indian pm  event in dubai. chanting modi modi  details
